-   Good Phone for this price bracket but the screen is very fragile i dropped a 5 rupee coin on the screen accidentally and the whole display is cracked so if u buy this pls handle it with care and also there is no notification LED for missed calls and sms alerts.very very fragile display
-   Friends listen carefully I had bought this cell day before yesterday and today morning I returned.Reason I found the rear camera pathetic specially in dark or night pix...As compare to this 13MP camera Grand 2 8MP is much clear n better. So my suggestion pls don't buy this at all..
-   Fast delivery and excellent packaging from seller/Amazon. Plastic quality is satisfactory. Good for storing food stuff in freezer. Not leak proof but somewhat airtight. Even ideal for reheating in Microwave.
-   I have ordered an item with orange colour ( i.e as per display but they supplied a dark blue item. It is a worst product and no use of it. Do not purchase it.The shapes of the containers shown in the picture is square where as I received round containers. VERY BAD. Products don't match the photograph or the description at all. Fell much below my expectations. Quality of plastic is substandard. The finishes are not good . edges are not smooth and the lid doesn't fit the box easily
-   awesome deal with awesome quality plastic containers.look worthy deal
-   Good Quality, I like it, though you can't judge size from the picture. I think dimensions for all products should be mentioned while selling online.
-   Bought this for Rs. 529. Good utility product. The price could be more appealing. But anyways. A good product. Can be ised for storing sifferwnt things in the refrigerator. It can apso be used as a tiffin box for kids. And storing abstract things like vuttons, medicines etc..
-   Quality of plastic is poor, something not expected from the house of Princeware, otherwise the item is okay. Incidentally, I had purchased the same item sometime back from local market and was impressed with its quality, hence I ventured to buy it online.
-   I ordered an orange set, instead I received a blue set. This caused disappointment, particularly because I already have a blue set. I wanted a different colour for easy identification and coding. The invoice reads Orange but what I received was blue.
-   It's clearly mentioned that that the color of the product is ORANGE where as I received BLUE products. The shapes of the containers shown in the picture is square where as I received round containers. VERY BAD. Products don't match the photograph or the description at all.
-   just received my set. I have bought it from Solmarc Corporation at such an amazing price of just Rs.371. Very nice packaging and i loved the colour. Solmarc Corporation please launch some more products at these amazing prices. Can't wait.
-   Nice package. Quality of the product is good. I ordered 2 sets and they delivered both in same color as required.Delivered the product 7 days earlier as promised by AMAZON.
-   It wasn't the expected product. It was too small to use and its blue colour not orange, any way that's not a big deal.But it wasn't useless for us. As usual Amazon great packing.
-   The box sizes are too small to use. The product doesn't worth Rs. 215/- and is available at much cheaper rate in market and D-mart. I never recommend this product.
-   Very Low Quality, Didnot Match Photgraph /Description At All Package Contents "Mention "Airtight storage Containers"But Is Normal Container "
-   Good packaging and delivery by amazon. containers were of superior quality and leak proof. I got it as a lightning deal for Rs.215 only which was really good.
-   These things are really good. I got it in offer price. It's worth the money. Really far better quality than I expected in this price range. Thank you Amazon
-   if you have no storage provision then you can buy this otherwise wastage of money. too much small and its numbers are very large so not useful someway.
-   not satisfied with product....I bought it for.295 but quality of product is not good...we can get such kind of product in low price in local market
-   it could be better in terms of its quality. despite of several negative reviews i have ordered this item but its not expected by priceware.
-   Nice product at affordable price .product quality is good ..though some container r too small I have found where to utilise them so m happy
-   Average product, plastic quality is not great, but manageable, there are more of the small containers, should have been a better mix
-   small only r for use but for other utility it is gud 4 containers we can use for fridge purpose other containers are 2 small
-   Value for money for quick storage of items, as i got it in a deal for half the price. You can get a better quality but then be prepared to pay that much more. I would not but it at full price though.
-   The title is incorrect for this product on Amazon. The product is precisely "Tenda 150 Mbps MINI Wireless USB Adapter".It is not Nano, but yes it is very tiny, plugs to the USB with only the black chip protruding out. Like the description says, its almost invisible.Fully compatible with RPi2, with OPENELEC Kodi, pure plug and play. It has a pretty decent range coverage.This is absolute must have for RPi. Install Yatse from Google Play and control everything wireless on your RPi
-   After using it for a few days realized its an extremely pathetic product. Doesn't catches signal even when you are 3-4 meters away from the router. Even when it catches signal it is accompanied with frequent signal drops. It connects at 5-9 mbps even when my ISP provides signal at 12 mbps. I wish I could now return the product at get my money back as even 200/- seems too high for this s***ty product. Finally, I would not recommend it even if they put it at Re.1 in lightening deals.
-   This does not fit in a USB slot. You have to push it forcefully. After a few forceful removals from my computer I was afraid it will damage the slot. The makers have not sized the device USB connector correctly.
-   Works really well with my win 7 desktop, speed is really fast
-   Exclent product full bar in 10 meter range,no net drop cheap price also work in window 7,8 a must buy product Tenda W311mi 150mbps.
-   good product in low price, it can connect well in higher speed than other brands, even from far place. I tried it on a CPU from first floor while the router is placed at ground floor, the speed of data transfer is pretty good than expected.
-   Works great. I am very happy that I got this in very low price
-   Good product. Works like a charm. Comes with a CD which you will need to install before you can use the product. Just make sure that when you first install the CD, you plug in the device in the USB port which you plan to use continuously because if you want to change the port later on you'll have to reinstall the CD.
-   Wasted 6 mins of my life ordering it, wasted 30 mins of my life trying to figure out how to set up the damn thing to create a hotspot for my phone from a net cafe
-   Small and simple to connect. Works fine and speed is good.
-   Had used it to connect my office desktop. For this price I would say look no further.
-   Good product. But I found an issue with windows 7. It is not detecting when system switched on. We have to remove and reinsert to get it work. This issue is not always, but sometimes.
-   hardware not strong , when user plug this pen drive many times its damage and out from warranty. so company give 5 year
-   Good service from amazon, and product is also good. Value for money product for any day and using it satisfactorily.
-   Nice and cute. Worth buying. My daughter liked it most.
-   Misleading information, bad customer service. As per Epson customer service, this is a document printer and you should not use it to print in photo or any glossy paper beyond 90 gsm. This is ridiculous, this information is not given anywhere on Epson portal.It has frequent paper feeding problem, and customer service says it is because you are using glossy paper and service will be chargable.If you are looking for real all-in-on printer, don't go for it. You will be disappointed since it can not print on glossy or photo paper. Maximum GSM supported is 90 gsm.
-   If you are looking for real all-in-on printer, don't go for it. You will be disappointed since it can not print on glossy or photo paper. Maximum GSM supported is 90 gsm.
-   An excellent printer for home use when you need to print multiple colour pages for your kids scrapbook and projects. Epson's Ink Tank feature helps it to stand out from HP and Canon. Printing is fast (after the ink is charged) and also good in quality. I fired a photograph print on regular A4 sheet and was amazed by the details of colour printed.
-   Its an perfect printer with this price tag. Serves similarly as mentioned on product, fast, quality and jam free. Only problem is it takes a pause for a while when print/copy load is very large, but can be neglected. Must buy for home use.
-   its good one for day to day printing purpose who want to take prints b/w and color also its very easy to install and to run and its also easy to fill the ink in ink tanks and the print quality is excellent in b/w and in color it is moderate not up to he mark of laser but still it is very good quality in color print also it is worth to buy this printer thanks for amazon delivering very fast and safe this is review is on the base of one month use i will give another review on further use
-   M using this printer from last 2-3 months , fully satisfied with the performance ... Product is fully genuine n I have registered the same online with Epson also. I have already printed almost 200 coloured pages n no decrease in ink level ...
-   The machine built is good and the ink-tank system is excellent resulting in less ink consumption, low maintenance & ease of handling. The print quality compared to other inkjet printers is poor. The printing cost per page is very cheap and maintenance is less cumbersome compared to other inkjet machines. Given its high price, only buy it if you have bulk printing requirements.
-   Colour prints from this printer is very faint. I thought the tank technology would enhance colour printing but very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend it.
-   As per service team of epson ,This cannot be used for 130 GSM or more and it can be used for normal paper I.e75 GSM only But if go to company website it show that you can use Epson high glossy paper.So by the statement of service manager company has give wrong statement on their website..So plz check paper size before buying this printer.
-   got for 149. superb buy. very less scratches as compared to other pearlpet bottles. my fridge looks cool with the bottles especially with the color of the bottles. just buy them if u get it for 150 or below. They are classy and also very cosy to sip coz it has narrow mouth.
-   Received two sets of these water bottles in a very good condition, packaging was well and good. And bottles were neat too, thats the thing i like it about amazon, amazon guys just package it the best way they can, I'm completely satisfied with the service, and bottles were fine, no smell or that plastic kinda feel, feels pretty solid. Go for it, keep it in fridge, car or home wherever you like these are pretty stable and size is standard.
-   Bought it for my refrigerator usage. Delivered perfectly and before time. Well packed and cl
-   I am a regualar customer of amazon for last 5 years ..this is perhaps the worst product i have received so far..water bottles leaking from the brim ..dont buy this one...
-   The bottles are OK for storing drinking water and should be replaced with a new one as soon as it starts showing signs of ageing.
-   Poor quality. One of the bottle has already bent , within one day of use.
-   Product delivery was delayed by 3-4 days. Product is ok ok as it is not as tough as expected from princeware.
-   The pet bottles recived by me is in good.The picking is also good. But the quality of material is very fair. The plastic materials used for thos bottle is not in good quality. Better quality bottles available in the open market for the same rate.
-   great look,good finish and anti slip design.material is a bit thin,however at this price range its a lot better than other brands.
-   Loved the much waited product, delivered after 14 days. New design, Small size cap bottles good for a change. Priceworthy.
-   The material isn't too tough. However, I think the quality of the bottles was worth the cost spent.
-   The image is deceptive. Suggest you to change it. Adapter is also shown in the product image which was not shipped with the memory card. However since the product details din mention it too i didnt bother to return it as the effort is not worth the price (170/-) paid for the memory card. However i bought it for the sole reason of adapter and was disappointed not to find it.
-   Hello I ordered this from amazon.in and it was delivered on Monday 19 May 2014. but after 2 months it stop working and i tried to connect in different mobile phones and as well as card reader but it is not detecting. i have almost lost all my personal data like images video and other data as well. kindly let us know from where i can get this replace?
-   I have gifted it to my sister for her mobile phone, but it stopped working almost after 10days. Really disappointed with this purchase, wont recommend to anybody.
-   I feel I've been befooled. I received the product with a slit in the inner protective package. To my utter shock and surprise I found that the product was missing inside it. The TRANSCEND packet was already tampered and torn and the memory card was not there. I still simply can't believe it has really happened to me. Please redress the issue and take prompt action. I look forward to your justice.
-   I brought this almost a year ago and still its going great.. Never had any issues... I brought it for my Samsung smartphone and now using it on my Lumia.. Everytime it has worked awesome with reasonable data transfer speed.. I have songs videos pictures and never my data got corrupted nor had any issue retrieving my data.. Package and delivery was also on time and secure.. Sure go for it
-   It works so far so good.Don't have any complain against it.My phone supports upto 32gb expendable memory so i bought it,& by compairing this is the cheapest by any other micro memory cards available in online store.Amazon provides this card on a suitable price,althogh they delayed by giving this product.I got it after 2dayz of said date.
-   I bought this card through amazon 15 days before. Till now no problem' superb card for the price. Best friend for my smartphone.I always prefer amazon over other online sites because of their competetive pricing and highly professional behaviour. As usual delivery was before the commited time and packaging was mind blowing.
-   I have always used SanDisk and HP brand even for thumb drive but because of the slight discount, I chose Transcend this time. The micro sd card in my phone was loosing space and used this Transcend 16 GB for replacement and is working quite well. I had it formatted in my HTC phone itself before use and works like a breeze.
-   Mere a week after purchase, this card got damaged and found unreadable on any PC, Laptop (through card reader and data cable as well), Mobile, Tablet, when i tried to return it, the returnable date got expire. Then immediately i went to a shop nearby and purchased another one. I am Very Very disappointed with the quality.
-   I recently got this memory card from Amazon.com and the delivery was exceptional as it reached me before delivery time.Thanks.I opened the sealed pack and came to know its a genuine stuff handed to me.Thanks.i m already using this memory card and its quite responsive and fast.Thanks to Amazon team again.
-   Very promt service at reasonable rates. I will more purchase in future. I am satisfied with Amazon. Thank you very much
-   The memory card received from amozon in short time. The packing is very good. Comparing other online sites the prices of the certain products is very less.
-   It worked for 2 days after once I removed and inserted It's not working and not detecting by System or My Dell Tab. Very worst product. Loss of money and time. Amazon cheating people by encouraging this kind of products. I lost reliability and I won't purchase on Amazon.
-   your dispech and delavary time very slow and large.your service is very poor . home shop18 and snepdeal.naaptol.-very fast.So please improve your service quality and make call by sellar when hand over item.
-   This is a worst product and its life is only 2 moths, I used it for 2 months and not it is corrupted and not working, Please don't by memory card from Ankita Infosys & from Amazon. It is a bad experience and I will never by it from amazon
-   five star for amazon packing & fast delivery, 4 star for product, its memory card, which i used for two months then got corrupt or crashed, or something else, dont know whats happen but now its dead and not working, i lost my data
-   The product which one is received by me is to some extent different from that on description. On image it was a memory card along with a adaptor but actually i had received a memory card on packet but does not have any adaptor
-   My memory card is not working properly... Whatever i dwnld it goes in phone memory not in memory card.. Even i had chnged storage settng frm phone memory to sd card.. Plz ry me wat i should do..asap..
-   memory card received from amozon in short time. The packing is very good. Comparing other online sites the prices of the certain products is very less.
-   Transcent 8GB Microsd card is really good .. It gave me 800kb/ps copying speed on my card reader .. Files load and plays photos and videos fast in any mobile . good for average use and has a long life span. delivery was a bit slow . it is totally worth it for it's price tag
-   It appears utmost care is taken for packing this product. I appreciate Amazon.in in this regard. Comparatively, the product is delivered at the lowest price among all e-portals. Since, it is (8GB) "memory card", generally such products are good in performance.
-   Excellent - Very good product & at a discounted rate. worth going in for such products but need to be careful what u choose on the website. Always use the latest version like class 4 & not class 10.
-   I am already using a F&D Home theater 7.1 which was converted to 8.1. That is the reason I purchased the same from you. In Fact I personally know the regional head of F&D in Bangalore and could have got the same at a much lower price. But......
-   Very very poor...service because this items use only 10 to 15 days.....after these days memory card not runing. I think this is not original product..so take care for amazon service....
-   I have purchased this and started to use this memory card. after 3 days it starts giving me problem as a message comes on my mobile screen as "SD CARD REMOVED UNEXPECTADLY".
-   It was my first purchase at amazon and I was very disappointed about this product bcz I had purchased my new I phone and the SD card was not working so returned the very same day.
-   Product is good, but the image is misleading. Was expecting the adapter along with the card, but to my disappointment it was not there. The product image should be changed.
-   I bought Hypernation womens cotton long sleeve top. Its worthless of money because you may buy the same product at cheaper cost from your local market. Nothing is special.
-   It was 8 gb memory card, but the usable part was only around 1 gb and then it was not catching any other file in it. So it was useless and I have returned the same back.
-   By looking at the image I thought this will come along with the adapter. But there is no adapter. So this product did not meet my expectations and I have to return this.
-   Nice memory card easy to set up in any mobile. I recommend to all my friends and buyers on online shoping. It is very low cost when compared to outlet shop near by me. amazon servicing is great nicely packed received with out any damage.
-   Memory card is working very good.Delivery of memory card through to me very fast.I like no shipping costs on this product.yours dedication on custmer are good.And also your website working and very helpfully to customers.thank you
-   There is no doubt about a product from transcend. The memory card is awesome. The speed is 6-7 mega bytes which is quite nice. Also thanks to Amazon.in as it provided the product at the lowest price in the market and quite quickly too.
-   The product is fine.. got it at one of the best market prices. However since it was pre-paid the delivery got a bit delayed. However there was a proper tracking facility available. So all in all a good product and good service.
-   Amazing product..Great packing..Original Product.....Same product received as in the picture....Prices are affordable... Card is working smoothly without any problems....Delivery of product was earlier than expected date
-   The memory card received from amozon in short time. The packing is very good. Comparing other online sites the prices of the certain products is very less but 16gb memory card in 14.3gb is on space what is this....?
-   Good. As expected. It has been almost 2 months now. it looks to be fine without any problem.The best fact is AMAZON makes me feel that its much more better than any other online shopping sites.
-   It was a Quick Delivery as I ordered on 7th Dec, the product arrived on 11th Dec. It gave 7.42GB in drive out of 8GB. The product price is also quite cheap for 8GB. Its worth it. Thanks Amazon for the product
-   i would like to bring to your notice that despite 3 complaints reguarding my package as undeliverd to right address or to someone else.kindly look into the matter
-   This was supposed to be card with adapter. But guess what ... i got only micro sd 4gb card !.photo description does not match with what was shipped. Be careful
-   Only one month usages after my card was not working.... Did not take an actions... And without replacements. Not responding for customer care... Totally waste...
-   this is memory card is 16 GB is variable but actual 14.8GB is available in memory card so please exchange this my memory card / always full refund my money.....
-   this memory card do not work properly.and this memory card is very slow working.try another sandisk memory card or I think try another transed memory card.
-   your product not satisfy me sir, because with in 1 week its showing memorycard unmounted, poor product sir, if u can help me please resend other memory card
-   Only one month usages after my card was not working.... Did not take an actions... And without replacements. Not responding for customer care... Totally waste...
-   I order a memory card and next day i got it. Itś so fast service that i am happy fot it and product also ossom in these price but overall i like his packing. The way they are packing really impressive. Thanks
-   Awesome memory card... writing this review with this memory card in my cell.... works amazingly without any faults in my Samsung galaxy grand prime..... no faults or loss of data till now!! awesome price!!
-   Go for it, doesn't matter, weather a class 4 or class 10, but no argument with a speed concerned. if anybody who oftenly removes and stores musicc, than thoase guys better go for class 10 else this fine.
-   Good Product Thank You To The Seller & Amazon... All Products Easily Can Get Through (COD) Cash On Delivery.... Transcend Memory Card Micro SD No Need To Be Worried About It Just Buy It And Use..........
-   This is a great memory card and I got it for an amazing price of 219 rs. Thank you very much amazon. I didn't expect to receive a memory card adapter, but I received it , this was outstanding. Thank you.
-   Don't believe that Class 4 memory cards are not good in copying files, but myself I had used this memory card and It is really fast in Copying Files From the Computer to the Memory Card. So, Go for this.
-   Transfer speed is good enough for audio files. Price is good too. Go for it if you are planning to use it for audio streaming.If you intend to use it for movie streaming, go for a higher class.
-   The product was exactly as per the specification and the price was the cheapest compared to all other websites... Though it was not delivered on time but the quality of product made up for the delay.
-   it was not working after 5 days...it cause me lot of discomfort. and you just returned my money rudely instead of replacing the product.
-   Huh! Its not even been 10 days the memory card stopped working. This is the worst product you can ever buy. These people are just scam.
-   I have to format the memory card frequently as it becomes unusable and it asks to format the card every now and then as it is corrupted
-   Good. Card will not be covered fully after insertion. About one third of the card will be outside of the reader. It was not expected.
-   It was faulty product which was delivered to me. I formatted it more then five time with different tools not its working fine.
-   This product very bad. Don't take this product. After some time the stored video gets currupted. * DO NOT TAKE THIS PRODUCT *
-   Got the invite for participating in the Amazon blockbuster weekend. Made full use and ordered as soon as the invite ordered. Whats not to like about the phone. Excellent.
-   This is a beautiful product, flaws and all. Yes the lack of NFC, Quick Charge, or even the absurd(!) QHD/2K display might sound a huge let down. But the very fact that this phone is being compared to the flagships* of other companies and gaining a respectable ranking compared the top dogs in current market is by itself a great achievement.
-   After more than a month of waiting it was time to get the beast home. I got it yesterday. The phone came in an amazing condition, very well packaged and the same day. Hats off to the Amazon Delivery Team.Now about the phone. The OS is buttery smooth. The finger print scanner is mind bogglingly fast. The 4GB RAM and the Snapdragon 810 is going to blow you off your feet. No heating issues as of now. Yes, the One Plus team has managed to fix this notorious chipset known for its core heating. It works beautifully. The camera quality both front and back are pretty good maybe not iPhone standard but definetely one of the best camera's out there. Oxygen OS is as close as stock android gets. I'm a fan of stock android and I don't like custom OS's or unnecessary bloatware. The 'shelf' feature is something I could get used to. It's nice. One Plus has tweaked the OS in the right ways provide you the complete One Plus experience for example there is the 'dark mode' that is easier on the eyes. Plus I never really liked the White background of the app drawer. So yes. I am a fan. I could forego the unavailability of NFC. Not much of a Google wallet user. But the quick charge could have been accommodated but then again if it was we all know how much time world likes complaining about heating phones and then blame it on the company. This phone may not be a flagship killer of 2016 or even 2015. But this phone is the best that 25000 bucks can buy. ASUS does offer the Zenfone 2. 4GB RAM and near same specs but I'm not a fan of the bugs and the customised OS. I hope I helped.
-   I received one plus two mobile phone the next day I placed order. Thanks to Amazon team. The phone is sleek, smooth and awesome. Features of phone are great and functioning well. Camera picture quality is good. Phone is worth buying.
-   Loving the phone. There are frequent updates for the OS which are making it better. Snapdragon 810 is a chipset which runs warm not HOT as others claim. The camera quality is also superb. The audio output via speakers is a bit on the low side but the output via the headphone jack is superb. The phone feels light and ergonomic, plus the sandstone back is awesome.I would recommend this phone to anyone who has the budget and an invite (ofcourse) to buy one. This is one phone which gets close to Samsung galaxy s6 and iphone 6 in true sense and almost at the half of their price.
-   One plus 2 is really a very nice device.The Snapdrago 810 processor, featuring 4G LTE and an octa-core CPU, effortlessly powers through demanding apps, games, and HD video. Paired with a 3,300 mAh battery, your OnePlus 2 will stay charged through even the busiest of days. The phone has awesome look. This phone is the best phone my friends. I am really happy with OnePlus 2 .
-   Am a big fan of one plus team !! But this product really weird to use !! Metal frame heating like anything even though using normal browsing and WhatsApp ususge !! When I was contacted one plus support team, they were saying sir 810 SD Processor should get heat and also suggested me to remove all 3rd party apps , I have removed still the same !! So don't buy this phone wait for next release at end of this year !!
-   Heating issues. Got heated to 40 degrees with just 15 mins of usage. Plus it also lagged a lot. Surprising my Nexus 5 was much smooth
-   The 2 days old phone stopped working after the OTA update provided by one plus. Customer care sucks...asking me to return it thru Amazon instead of a solution
-   Disappointed with the OP2. Being an OPO owner, had high hopes which crashed like a beta app. The screen looks faded out & colour reproduction is poor. The phone heats quite substantially during charging or CPU intensive use. However i loved the camera. It produces sharp images & focuses fast. Battery life is decent. Got like 4hrs of SOT with 3G always on, auto-sync always on. Returned the phone after all the Invite fiasco.
-   Within 15 minutes of normal use, the phone became hot as hell. The heating effect was quite consistent when used over wifi/3G/call. Although everything else was fine, I decided to return it.
-   Its not been even two weeks.... the hardware stopped working properly.... Even service center don't have spare parts available. they replaced my screen with someone else screen... which was also not working properly....... this is such a bad behavior of the OnePlus two service..... It will take more than 3 weeks minimum for them to repair a small issue..... Really pissed of with this... i hope i had cancelled this order & gone for some branded stuff.
-   Average phone.... Gets heated up very soon.... Weight is more... Noise clearance fr call is nt good... Battery discharges very soon... Over an average phone... And not worthy
-   The sound is great. But I feel the sides should have been slightly bigger to cover the entire ear for more comfort. It gets a little uncomfortable after listening for a while as I feel the press pressure on my ear.
-   The build quality is average. Sound is good wirh clear bass. Been using it for 4 months. No issues yet. At this price its a good deal.
-   I have received this product on yesterday i have got awesome experience of bass in the headphone, good at bass levels but trebles are very poor and loudness too. totally good sound at this price. bass is awesome guys.
-   First of all the brand says it all.....sound quality is too gud....very comfortable to wear....If you are looking for the best headphones under 1k these are best!..
-   Absolutely love it. I got it for Rs.600 in some deal and I have been using them from over a year. These headphones are really awesome and one of my favorite things I possess. The only drawback is that the outside of your ear might start paining a bit after 2-3 hours of continuous use. But I have got so used to them, I keep them with me always. Also, the bass is great giving you the full feel of the beats.I got them for Rs.600 in some deal, if you are getting them even for any price less than Rs.800 to Rs.900, GO FOR IT!
-   This is a too good product @ Rs 599. Sound is very good,clarity,vocals are good. And now comes the most important thing about this- BASS. The depth of the bass is more as compared to Sony xb450. The only bugs of this product is,you can not wear it constantly for 1hour. For the bass and sound quality it really worth a 5 star. i am giving 4 star for the build quality and comfort. For bass heavy music listeners,just one word---- Just go for it and you are gonna find deeply in love with it.... Awesome sound and again BASS-JBL.
-   I bought it for 600 on amazon daily deals. For this price the sound quality, bass and clarity is impressive. It is quite light weight and look good.This is an on the ear headphone. Donot get confused as the earbuds give an impression of it being as over the ear.On the downside you absolutely CANNOT wear it for more than an hour or two after which your ear lobes will hurt.Verdict: Low price, good quality, light weight but not for prolonged use.
-   JBL the name itself have a high brand value which attracts me for buying this headphone at low price. But after getting the product I am happy with the OutPut its produced but I am equally disappointed with its design aspects. I am using headphone for at least 3-4 hours everyday but its design of ear pad is so bad that it harts ear after using 30-45 mins. It should be such a size that the entire ear fits into the hole and the pressure should be in the head part not in the ear.
-   I ve been looking for this one for a long time and then I bought it for 799 INR..thought twas quite a steal...got it within three days..thanks amazon..Coming to this JBL ...its quite underwhelming...it s actually smaller than it looks in here...but the build is quite sturdy..can withstand some manhandling....I can't wear it for more than half an hour continuously as my earlobes tend to ache a lot..coming to the sound..I'm not a bass head..but this JBL has much bass and not so clear treble..the chord and jack is quite good but i m not happy with the sound that's it...its jus disappointing me as this is my first JBL..FINAL VERDICT..it s worth jus a 500 bucks maybe..(actually I loved my Philips SHL 3000 ..guys looking for a nice balanced output and a very light weight headphone which can withstand so much..I ve really manhandled the Philips so much..literally threw it against the wall but if jus won't give up haha..and I got it for jus 580..dude its jus a suggestion).
-   Don't expect much from this headphone. It's less than 1k and it gives the output based on that. If you need bass, please go for any other brand like Sony( considering the 1k budget, else u could choose high end model in JBL itself). In terms of comfort, it's horrible. I could feel the heat just after listening songs for 10 minutes and u feel the sweat in your ears. If you need an headset with decent sound clarity you can choose this, forgetting about bass. If you can afford another 500 bucks, you can go for sony mdr xb 400.
-   I found the headphone quite bulky and cumbersome to carry around (Ya, I know its a headphone..What was I thinking?). But honestly, if you are thinking of purchasing this for listening to music on your commute I suggest you don't (unless you are okay with it hanging around your neck). Moreover it starts getting a little uncomfortable after about 20-30 mins and you will find the need to constantly adjust it to relieve the pressure. The sound quality is decent when it comes to any of the normal phones or music players - not much bass and lots of background noise seeps in. The volume at max too seemed a little low in my opinion. However, I was more than surprised when I plugged this into my iPhone - the sound was miles better than with my Sony Xperia. The bass was good and background sounds too were minimized (perhaps I am just judging it against the sound quality with the Sony). Overall this is a decent headphone at the given price.
-   Actually my brother is using Philips Shl3000rd model headset.. I scolded him y u bought this Philips brand wen jbl cmng for the same price.. Again I ordered jbl as it was great brand for audio devices.. Compared to looks jbl is great.. But cmng to the sound quality it is very cheap and comfort is very bad within 10 mins u will get pain as those are very tight.. Now Philips is looking great for me I suggest everyone to buy philips then jbl..
-   returned the product because of low volume. never by if you love loud music , also music is not audible clearly even in indoors
-   Ear lobes pain. Sound quality not to the mark. Need to adjust equaliser settings to obtain bearable sound quality.
-   The sound quality is just about average. There is very little Base & the Treble setting is very low. The inbuilt sound setting in the headphones cannot be even by altering the Equalizer setting in your Laptop, Phone, Mp3 Player, etc.But for the price of Rs. 899, its a good buy. I recommend it for non enthusiasts. I have kept it as my back-up headphones.
-   well this headphone's are horrible. They are not up to the standard did not like the sound quality at all,
-   This may look really good and comfortable, but after using it for a 90 min movie your ears will start hurting. Sound quality is definitely not as good as described or expected from a (2500/- MRP) JBL product.That's why so called 'Sale' looks quite fake. It's hardly worth 500/- that too for its looks.QUITE DISAPPOINTING.
-   Worth the price, but not a very good pair of headphones. You definitely get good bass but voice clarity is not up to the mark. But what more can I ask for a meager 600 Rs!! 3 stars just for the price. Overall, buy it if it's available for 600 Rs or less, paying anything more would be a waste of your money.
-   Got the delivery in less than 48 hrs of order. Truly Amazon wins all corners from snapdeal, flipkart in their delivery which has gained extreme confidence in ordering from Amazon.Packing was superb in a box. About the product was genuine and satisfies the hearing as using it on my Xiomi M4 and TV for playing PS3. Main motive not to disturb my wife while I play and it fulfills my needs. Got the Jbl at Rs 499 so in such price this is great.FX AUDIO keep up the good work. Thanks
-   Ear lobes pain. Sound quality not to the mark. Need to adjust equaliser settings to obtain bearable sound quality.
-   The sound quality is just about average. There is very little Base & the Treble setting is very low. The inbuilt sound setting in the headphones cannot be even by altering the Equalizer setting in your Laptop, Phone, Mp3 Player, etc.But for the price of Rs. 899, its a good buy. I recommend it for non enthusiasts. I have kept it as my back-up headphones.
-   well this headphone's are horrible. They are not up to the standard did not like the sound quality at all,
-   They are available at 699 easily on amazon . they are awesome in bass and sound quality but lacks comfort the ear part is too small its better for short time usage . I am a long time user so its uncomfortable. Buy senhieser HD 180 or try to buy 201 they are far better than anything else . I,ve returned this. I have compared both....... Sennhieser wins.
-   This headphone only has one thing: BASS with a Big B. There's no clarity and for me, the on-ear cups were hurting my ears after max 30 mins of listening. So, I promptly returned it and thanks to Amazon for the prompt refund of my money. If you only want so thumping bass and no music clarity, then go for it. There are plenty of other options otherwise.
-   It is again giving me problems..Both the earphones are working fine and sound quality especially bass is too good but am facing some problem with the jack.The connectivity with my phone is getting lost frequently thereby pausing the song automatically..I am about to return the product back this coming saturday i.e.19 Spet 2015
-   This may look really good and comfortable, but after using it for a 90 min movie your ears will start hurting. Sound quality is definitely not as good as described or expected from a (2500/- MRP) JBL product.That's why so called 'Sale' looks quite fake. It's hardly worth 500/- that too for its looks.QUITE DISAPPOINTING.
-   Worth the price, but not a very good pair of headphones. You definitely get good bass but voice clarity is not up to the mark. But what more can I ask for a meager 600 Rs!! 3 stars just for the price. Overall, buy it if it's available for 600 Rs or less, paying anything more would be a waste of your money.
-   This is a too good product @ Rs 599. Sound is very good,clarity,vocals are good. And now comes the most important thing about this- BASS. The depth of the bass is more as compared to Sony xb450. The only bugs of this product is,you can not wear it constantly for 1hour. For the bass and sound quality it really worth a 5 star. i am giving 4 star for the build quality and comfort. For bass heavy music listeners,just one word---- Just go for it and you are gonna find deeply in love with it.... Awesome sound and again BASS-JBL.
-   Got the delivery in less than 48 hrs of order. Truly Amazon wins all corners from snapdeal, flipkart in their delivery which has gained extreme confidence in ordering from Amazon.Packing was superb in a box. About the product was genuine and satisfies the hearing as using it on my Xiomi M4 and TV for playing PS3. Main motive not to disturb my wife while I play and it fulfills my needs. Got the Jbl at Rs 499 so in such price this is great.FX AUDIO keep up the good work. Thanks
-   Good sound quality. i baught it for 900. little bit tight and it will hurt ur ear if ur wearing for longer time. but overall its is good product..
-   Got it in three days, good service by Amazon.Got it for just Rs.599/- in lightning deals! Hardware doesn't look cheap, sound production great, with great bass. If you are a bass lover, this is for you. Ear cups are not as large as shown in the photo, but are comfortable with cushion. JBL could have improved sound clarity, but can't expect much for the price at which I got the product. So finally it's a paisa wasool product from a standard brand. Works excellent with Dolby in my lenovo a6000.Go for it if you get it under 700 rupees.
-   Nice sound quality.Actually i was confused between this one and senhieser hd180..I am not a expert but to be frank product does not seem to be durable but overall its a great product.Amazon service was great too.I bought it for 950 bucks and now when I saw yesterday the price it was near 1500.I was feeling lucky.I got it delivered on the second of my order conformation.Hope this helps
-   Amazing product......by JBL! Hope they should give more variety of headphones in a less price tag..and a wonderfull BASS in the sound!
-   I bought this for 700 bucks it's a decent deal. Sounds is pretty good but too much bass may be this is new that's way but overall sound is really gdMajor con of this product is u can't ware countinu for long time it's very uncomfortable.Don't get me wrong it's a really good deal for that price
-   If you listen for more than 30 minutes you will definately suffer from strong ear pain
-   I don't know why this product has such amazing reviews. The sound and bass is amazing and I bought because of very good rating however these are not comfortable, in 20 mins you feel like your ears are heating up. Hence good sounds doesn't win here, better headphones are available at similar price.
-   After reading so much of good reviews I bought this product. But unfortunately I am regretting why I bought. Too bad music clarity.Bass is pretty much but you'll not enjoy the music. It seems you are listening to recorded song. I then finally ordered Sony in-ear earphone and too much satisfied
-   Headphones do not live upto JBL brand expectation. Quality and design of headphones are average. I got it for 599 rupees under a deal so headphones are good for this price.The delivery service from seller was pathetic. I literally had to contact amazon 5-6 days in a row for the updates.
-   I'M AN I PHONE USER AND I WAS SEARCHING FOR A GOOD HEADPHONE BETTER THAN I PHONE'S BUT THIS PRODUCT WAS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT 4 ME BECAUSE THIS ONE IS NOT BETTER THAN I PHONES AND EVEN IT WAS NOT SUPPORTED FOR I PHONE.SO I PHONE USERS PLZ AVOID THIS ONE U HAVE THE BETTER ONE IN UR HAND
-   Here's the genuine Product review ..Material quality is very good .. Sound quality not up to the mark .. bass is so thick, the music becomes noisy in no time ..Poor .. Poor .. Poor .. Do not think of buying this one .. unless you have a lot of money to disappoint yourself ..
-   This is not covering my ear completely , and if i use it continually for 10 minute my ear start sweating and my ear goes in pain.This is not due to high volume.Even if I use them for barely 10 minutes, without playing any audio my ear goes in pain and I have to put them off.
-   There's no control system on wire to increase decrease volume or call attend
-   Not at all comfortable while using on head. I get pains using after 10 mins.
-   Hi, I bought these JBL T250 SI On-Ear Headphone black color. These are amazing headphones, I cant'- believe that with such a decent price , actually anyone can get such a excellent music quality, beats, bass everything is excellent. I bought this for Rs 599/-.I strongly recommend based on my experience that must go for it before the price goes up.
-   Good Product! I can predict this JBL product Life, Even More.Quality awesome! But need more attractiveness #Design
-   God Product at less price. The wire seems to be a bit delicate.. Dont know how long that will it work.. Will update Later
-   In today's make believe world There is no guarantee that you get your money's worth. I am always const conscious So opted for this product and I am indeed impressed with the quality. Even though it is a little uncomfortable for long use, It is worth the price of Rs.699/- I paid and I would definitely recommend it to others. As for Amazon service they have kept their promise three cheers.
-   Amazon Delivered it to me in Just 2 days!! And with the offer got this Baby for just 699 !And the sound quality is tremendous ! it is truly for Bass lovers .. you may experience less Treble !! but worth the money..Go for it don't think ! Looks Good on the Exteriors..It dosent cause much pain on the ears even wearing it for more then 2 hours really amazing Just go for it !
-   Good Sound for its price (bought at Rs.690). Build Quality is pretty good. Length of the wires could have been longer.
-   Bought it on offer so just love this product. Value for money, sound quality is great. A couple of points to remember while purchasing this headphone that it's a on-ear headphone rather than a over-ear so hurts a bit, not for long use or for gaming but best for watching movies and music. If you love listening music anywhere anytime this is the best product in this range by far.
-   i got it @599 in deals section, i dont think you can get any better headphone at this price, love it ............
-   I was skeptical after reading online reviews and product comparisons. I'm very happy with the headset. The performance on bass, voice clarity all are above average. I have been a long term user of in-ear earphones and I own a sennheiser cx 180 and I found the JBL T250SI better. But you do feel little uncomfortable if you are using it for long duration(more than 2-3 hours).
-   These headphones sound good, clear and the bass is nice, not that "dynamic bass" s*** that you expect. The headphones don't fit nicely and are so uncomfortable that you ears ache after a while. Unsatisfied up to the core. Don't buy this s***ty product it's a request.
-   The bass is loud however it is not of my liking. The sound is not very clear when I use it with my iphone.however I bought it for very cheap so it's alright for meNoise cancellation is good. No sound audible to people around me.Comfortable to wear.
-   Very low quality sound. Couldn't feel any trace of bass.sound seems like from a radio.I tested it in my Acer aspire e1. My old Samsung earphone had better clarity and effects.It causes pain to ear. If somebody ever bought this for its MRP 2499, might have suicided.
-   A reasonable product. Is it worth the JBL name? No. JBL is leveraging it's name value to peddle normal quality "chinese" products by labelling it JBL, putting a high sticker price and then selling on a discount.There is nothing JBL about this.
-   While the drivers are excellent, the cup size is small for normal adult size ears and therefore sits over it instead of covering it. This causes discomfort on ear lobes after sometime of usage. Wish the cup sizes were larger to cover the ear lobe completely.
-   Awesome sound!!wonderful bass especially!! But feel pain after wearing for some time!!not good for hearing for more time!!if u just listen for relaxation go for it!!but if u r a all time listener like me then don't take it!!better to go for senheizer!!
-   The sound quality is not good. The balance between clarity of sound and the bass is very bad. The bass is too much and clarity is very low. Fits too tight on the ears. Its bulky and does not fold, hence not very portable friendly. The cord is too short.
-   sound quality is very good.The headphones come in nice packaging. The cable length is okay not too long. But for long time usage it would be better if you buy over the ear headphones. After putting on the headphones for a long time your ears will pain. It is more painful if you are wearing spectacles.
-   Absolutely pathetic. I had expected a much better quality from JBL. High frequency response is pathetic.Bought it for Rs 650 from flipkart. Pity those who might have bought it for Rs 2499 (MRP) from stores. Sennehieser best value for money.
-   awesome quality.I liked it a lot. 65cms of height is very nice. My Son very happy with this product and love to have it as their bed buddies and sleep with a smile. there is no defect in this item, nor with its furr, The softness of the material is perfect and safe for kids. as always amazon rocks....... very nice packaging. very very happy to have this product from amazon. Thank you a lot amazon
-   Very light being mostly aluminium & plastic build. Opens up to almost 5 feet height. Adjustable height(using plastic locks)), direction (rotatable) and up-down gaze. build looks sturdy. I had packed it in my luggage at took it to international destination with fear that it might bend, but there was not even a dent. The best part is that, you can easily remove the camera and put it back on with the help of a peice that attaches itself to the camera's screw thread groove at the bottom. It's also got a small level indicator on to to help you level your camera.
-   Great product at this price range. Good one for a newbie like me. I was skeptical about this one but glad that I got this on an offer for Rs 450 and is really nice. I can now shoot pics at higher shutter speeds at low light conditions.But this is not for a professional photographer.
-   Stop finding faults. Seriously this item is really good for its price :D. What do you expect to get for 800Rs. I would seriously recommend this product for beginner's
-   A superb light weight product. I have carried it with me on my trip. Very easy to set up. Faced little issue with setting the tilt angle, rather than this all good. It provides all the expected height you need to capture pic. I did not depend on others to take my pic. Set up the frame, set the timer and pose...
-   For the price the product is fine. Its light weight and easy to use. The legs are quite steady and are able to take weight of my Nikon D5000+Sigma 18-250mm lens. The only thing i dint like is the plastic used on the product specially on the mount. It looks very fragile and i am scared that if i tighten it too much it might just break.
-   Its a very good deal at 449 Rs.Though its not that sturdy if you load a 300 gm weight on the middle of the rod it will be stable too.Would surely suggest it for point and shoot and cameras less than 500 Gm.Go for it at less than 500.
-   I have used similar other tripods for around 8 years now. This one is my third. I had to buy a third because I lost my second. Good design, compact to carry, it has a knurling arrangement to lift up the camera when you rotate the small handle provided, so that the height can be precise. It is claimed to carry a load of 2.75 Kgs. I am using it only with my cameras that do not weigh more than 1.5 Kgs. One has of course to be careful not to over tighten the screws or the pan lever, as I broke my first tripod's pan lever joint since it was forced in a wrong angle. Handle it with care and it lasts for years. Good design and easy on the purse.
-   Its very much sturdy.. Build with strong aluminium ...also lightweight to carry.Only one thing is the Joint in between all three legs should have a lock..
-   Bubble position indicator not working.. It is defective... Wen i opened it i found it is defective..
-   Tripod is good at this price, but the bag is of very bad quality. Its like a paper. It got damaged in few days.
-   As declared, the tripod's maximum load is 2.75 kg, but the fact is that it cannot hold even my 800 gm SLR camera. When fixed, it bends down so much that at any moment it can come away from the holding screw. So I don't use it for the camera.
-   It is a really good product for beginners its super light easy to carry and it would be a good choice but when my order come after two days of use i noticed my tripod head handel's screw and thread were damaged, there was no service center across and the handel was not fixing the camera straight so fix it up myself so certain small prob but its a good product.
-   I am strongly disappointed to see this..as soon as i opened the package,the product was fully broken.The delivery was also very late!!Its a cheap quality product,the plastic is of very cheap quality. Don't buy this.Go for any other.
-   It is suitable for cam code only. If you put Camera with 75 to 300 mm lens, it is bit heavy for this tripod. It is not able to take weight for DSLRs. Please choose only if weight of camera is less.
-   I purchased this as I wanted it for my Youtube videos but I when I received it, The package was so light as if there was nothing inside. When I opened the tripod, It was so light and was shaking when mounting a camera! Legs of the tripod are so weak as if they will broke while opening! The middle rod was already open when I opened it! Quality is not worth the price. The day I purchased it the price was ₹850, and the next day it came down to ₹780! The level indicator is not accurate! Pan head is very cheap and shaking and jamming! Very Cheap and Poor quality product!
-   An ok sort of tripod. very light hence the grip on a bumpy surface is not very good. You would get a feel every now and then that your mounted camera might fall.
-   Low quality head. adjustment screws came out in very 1st use. Its unstable and shaky while shooting videos( PAN , Tilt) . Not fit for DSLR. Total waste of money
-   Good quality product. .especially for beginners. .not that sturdy. but okay. tried my canon 600D. it hold good. u may feel a slightly concerned ven u stretched to full length of the tripod.all parts working good. but delivery was very very late..packing also was not good. it was within a unanticipated three times longer cover. around 6feet long cover with the actual cover n tripod within with the support of thin plastic covers which r air filled.but it was present only on one side
-   Good Pod for its price .. Print is 1600 .. Delivery super fast .. what products are with amazon store house comes almost the nxt day .. thanx fot the speedy delivery and really god packaging . The tripod looks professional and nice .. only thing is to be careful of it not getting banged into anything or u will see a dent since its light weight aluminium . Overall if taken care its wort a try for amateurs and home use ..
-   Good product. Im using it basically for my projector home theater system. Only one grouse i have. The mount plate has a screw which fits into the groove at the base of projector but it also additionally has a spring loaded pin that makes the attachment to projector unstable. I have to use folded paper to propely close the gap between base of projector and the mount plate. Don't know why its thr. Rest i m happy.
-   Superb tripod best! Very long. Guys please buy this tripod if you want a tripod. Don't see the other bad reviews because they are telling this product damage there is no fault of this tripod sometimes while delivery because of some issue you receive a product damage but just retain or replace the product don't blam the product. I did not get any cons of this product.
-   Its a tripod which is true value for your money, u can stretch it upto 4.5 Feet ht, 360 degree free rotation.I Am totally satisfied with service provided by Amazon n the quality n fetures in product
-   I bought this tripod for Rs.750 (under a special offer price) from Amazon-- it is very awesome and worth every paisa.I highly recommend this item and I love it and wish I had bought it much earlier.the item is of good quality and comes with a canvas/plastic carry case- which makes it easy to store and transport.
-   Good product... as per expectations.Have been using for a canon point and shoot camera and it works just fine. Though i don't have a heavier camera it doent seem strong enough to take the weight of a DSLR/SLR etc. But for beginners its a steal at this price..Thanks amazon for the quick delivery
-   This is handy tripod. I am planning to use it for clicking pictures of recipes. I have a very cramped kitchen but this device fits perfectly in it. You can adjust height and you can even use it to record videos of a function. It is not very sturdy but serves the purpose of a tripod.
-   If you are looking for a steady and sturdy tripod then forget this. Tripod is made of light weight aluminum and slight increase in pressure while carrying or mishandling may lead to bends in the tripod legs. So handle with care...finally a good product to start working with.
-   poor product.One of the legs loosed out within a week.
-   Bought this tripod in December 14. I bought it for my Nikon P510, mainly for capturing low light shots at low speeds and it serves the purpose. Its a light weight tripod and suitable only for point & shoot cameras. Tried with DSLR but did not work well, Its not sturdy and a little bit shaky.
-   It"s very flimsy and i doubt any one ever had used it without going through a lot of trouble ( looks very much like a toy and wondering how they have named it as "steady 450"). In my opinion, this product is absolutely not to the standard. Classic example of " your eyes can deceive you". If you are looking for a good one...try their other costlier models.
-   This tripod is only for its namesake... Not good at all. The build quality is pathetic. With just a small drop some part will break and render the tripod useless...The height of the tripod is average. The tripod sways in wind...But for the price it is OK...
-   Very poor quality product. The tripod head easily got shattered into pieces
-   I would give 5 star for this product.The price is actually worth it.Howevet the courier service provider through which it was delivered to me was simply pathetic.
-   Its a fine product for amateurs like me who wont use the tripod regularly. OK for the price. There was no instruction manual with it so for some one using it for the first time had to work on it to understand but was not difficult.Can be carried easily in the carry bag provided with it.Overall a fine products for amateurs.
-   First of all it took quite a long time to get delivered and when I opened and checked its height is also less because in product discription its 4.5 ft and in actual its only 3.5 ft. So if u looking for only 3.5ft tripod go for it otherwise not.
-   Its good but if there would have been a instruction book inside stating which screw or how to tighten up the screw then it would have been perfect. This is my first tripod and I had to figure this on my own. So two stars deducted there.
-   Bag is not good in condition while I have opened for the first time itself the stritching all gone in middle area and opened almost as it is damaged.. but this will be the value for the money which I spent.
-   The tripod is fair for the price. It is in no way steady or sturdy.The legs are very feeble and could break with some amount of pressure. Can't use this tripod outdoors even if it is slightly windy.
-   Though the Product id okay the courier was very bad.
-   This is suitable for point & shoot cameras only and not suitable for DSLR cameras and it is not at all stable.
-   Very light weight. Dont know how long it will work. When opened, a spring and a screw fell from its part. Still working good.Not suitable if pan shoot is to be done. So useless for me.
-   It is good . but I have get a problem with a some screw it is not getting fit. So I sugges Better to go some other model if u can effort which is strong . but price for 800 is good
-   Had not used this till date thought will try today but the product quality is very poor the extension just broke am not able to fold it or keep it as it is just waste of expenses
-   please don't buy this product ! it's just been a month I hav used it and it's broken now .. the return policy is also bad ! the material used in this product is not worth paying
-   We(my wife and me) had to always depend on other persons to get our picture clicked. Also, the pictures were never good. With this tripod, we can click as many pictures as we want and actually, good pictures.The tripod is light weight and handy to use.
-   This tripod comes with additional camera holder which is a huge plus as holders something that is frequently lost . The foam covering feels exceptionally good to start with. Overall this is the best tripod in this category, real value for money
-   A simple tripod without a problem. The cheaper one with lucrative.
-   Fully met expectations and was a good price too. I am able to capture our meeting pictures with stable cameras. I would say the height is great for a starter and the product itself is stable and delivers on what it says on the can.
-   I have been using this photron tripod since one month. At Rs.580 the quality of this trips is good.. Packing was good.. Amazon has delivered it very quickly. My suggestion is you can go for if you getting at such cheap price..
-   The product is worth for its price. The movable head enables the user to capture images in any direction. It is little fragile but so you need to handle it with more care.
-   A very good product for the cost. Its quite sturdy and is a stable stand to capture steady pictures. Its also unbelievably light. I currently use it for my canon digital camera and it works perfectly with it.
-   Amazing product in a low budget ! Useful for those guyz who love to shoot personal videos for their blogs , YouTube etc. U may not use it for pro videos.Very nice packed by amazon . Thank you so much !
-   nice product in its class. though its not so rock solid to carry heavy lenses and camera. for beginners and for lite weigh lens this is perfect. very lite in weight and unfolds up to unbelievable height.
-   I am a youtuber and i was looking for a low price tripod cause i already have two and i make a lot of videos and some cant have 2nd take so overall this is a insane product can close my eyes and buy it.
-   It certainly meets my expectations at the price it was offered. The upper camera holding surface is a bit loose, but adjustable. Not sure if it would be too useful for heavy cameras (DSLRs and above)
-   Photron 450 is good but i will suggest go for more better. compared to the price this is the best but it will somewhat not be stable in winds.Courier service was ok..They take too much time
-   My 1st review in amazon n bought more products as usual this product also great deal with just 399/- excellent product to buy n you all can trust this product from amazon... Thank you..
-   awesome product.thanks to Amazon for supplying this in a cheap rate.quality is better than the other similar products.easy to use and have no technical problems while working with it
-   I am really happy that i bought this from amazon. Had bought 2 tripods from other sites but returned immediately as they were pathetic. Amazon delivered as advertised. Its genuine.
-   This product is value for money... Got it in daily deals for 450 bucks... And its real value for money...buy it blindly... Super compact... Well engineered...serves the purpose well
-   Its really nice tripod stand and I was able to use it for some nice stills. Its small, light weight and folding which makes it easier to carry and yet effective in using with SLRs
-   The delivery by Amazon was very quick as always. Got it within a day without next day delivery option!The build quality is good and the transfer speed are anywhere between 20-35 MBps using USB 2.0 and 60-110 MBps using 3.0.Please note that the transfer speed may vary based on where you copy and what you copy.e.g A zipped file or an ISO image will get transferred blazingly fast and smaller files will take more time.Also, the place you copy from i.e internal HDD, pendrive or CD drive also affects the speed and the quality of it you're using.
-   I already have one with me,very small ans compact with excellent performance. Gets around 43 mb/s in USB 2.0 and 70 mb/s in USB 3.0 for read and 12 mb/s in USB 2.0 and 28 mb/s in USB 3.0 for writes. Very happy with the price range I bought.
-   This the best 1TB external hard disk available right now. I got it for Rs. 3900.My PC only has a USB 2.0 port and I'm getting 33 MB/sec read and write speeds. On the Seagate backup slim plus I'm only getting 26 MB/sec.The feature I love most is the hardware encryption. This is only available in WD My Passport models. You can set a password for this hard drive in a second. For other hard drives you'll have to use an encryption software and it'll take hours (depending on the model, USB port and processor).
-   I bought this after asking many friends of mine. Can go for this one without doing much research. Its durable and of good quality. Regarding the data storage it comes with 2 TB storage of which some space is occupied with WD softwares which protect it from external viruses. But when it comes to data transfer, it does super fast at 70Mbps at my Windows 8 laptop. Also works well with Windows 7 at around 45-50 Mbps. It comes with small USB cable that connects to laptop or TV. Western Digital (WD) is an American brand and hence surely has that potential to keep you happy and safe when it comes to data storage.
-   I got the 2 TB version. WD hard disks are always awesome. I also have a 1 TB that I got several months ago. The 2 TB version is just a little bit thicker than the 1 TB, but not twice as thicker, which is good because it has twice storage capacity. The copying is fast, if you use it on a USB2 post you'll get around 15-20 mbps speed, but USB3 port has around 100 mbps of speed. Overall a great hard disk. These small external hard disks are great because they are smaller in size in comparison to the bigger hard disks, and the bigger ones need external power too. So go for this one. you will like it.
-   This product seems to be slightly slower than my WD elements may be because it has hardware encryption. So I am using this for storing personal data and other HDD for general data.
-   i purchased it for Rs 3800/- from Amazon.!! it was a Lightning Deal and i got stuck..!! the most famous & trustworthy brands for storage are WD or Segate..!! i ordered WD as i had a wonderful experience with WD.WD passport Ultra...very slim and fast...u wont regret buying it..!! besides that, buy an additional cheap 500/1000 GB Hard Disk to make another backup of important data..!! and keep WD for regular use..!!
-   I too confused what to buy, so i bought transcend storejet 1tb i liked it but i received a faulty cable, so returned.Then i bought this wd ultra which is a safe bet, speeds are very good, mobility is good, it is small and the cable is thin and flexible, the one with transcend is very fat and not flexible- forcing to bend broke it i think.WD Ultra have all the softwares in it but you will never gonna use them, because of these software's they charged something around 500 to 1k extra money but don't fall for it. If you are a normal user who backup photos movies instantly then go for WD Essentials which is bit less cost with same features except the extra backup softwares.I loved it and I recommend..
-   I ordered a WD hard drive 1tb on 10 Aug 2015,and product is delivered to me on 12 Aug,excellant delivery service,package was bit disappointing,without any shock absorbing sheet,but nevertheless the inside package box was in good condition.Now about the hard drive,it is very sleek,elegant finish design,curvy,compact..my passport ultra.it is working very fine,getting a bit warm in temperature only when there is transfer of data occuring which be normal,transfering data is very fast,,the hard drive is stuffed with some useful apps related utility n security n many more,which demands an update as soon as you go online,its a very useful product worth buying,n I got it from cloudtail on Amazon at a very reasonable price..
-   Excellent product. Ordered during the freedom sale and also used Amazon gift voucher of 100 /- along with it , thanks amazon for that.During the freedom sale Amazon genuinely reduces the prices unlike others who practice corrupt business practices.Regarding the Hard Drive its very light, compact and sleek. very nice looking also. read and write speeds are also good. overall 4.0 out of 5.0, since they didn't discount the blue color which I wanted, have to settle with black only. (PS: Amazon request you to give me the blue colored one at same price)Product was delivered on time with good packaging. Amazon please keep giving such vouchers and sales more often.
-   Amazon offers great quality and at affordable prices and this product turned out again to be of quality better than display and mentioned. The Hard disc is very compact and small in size and is very fast in performance compared to any other brand that I have used so far. For the people who complain that the hard disc is undetected on their computers/laptops, please make sure to disconnect all other USB devices before connecting this hard disc and you will never run into problems like undetected hard disc. The Package and Delivery system is another reasons why I shop at Amazon because the product arrives safely, undamaged and on time.
-   Service by amazon is good, I received the order in just 2 days from ordering this was the best part. Now, if I go on to the product its a pretty decent genuine MyPassport ultra hard disk, when I tested it on port 3.0 I got speed in between 24-30 MBps for bigger files and 18-21 MBps on 2.0 for the same files, while copying from hard disk to my laptop the speed was awesome for 3.0 port in just a blink of an eye it gets transferred but disappointed for 2.0.Also, for some smaller bits and pieces of files it took longer than usual. So, I must say overall its a great deal for 4k.
-   I got his HDD @ 3999/- in winter sales. WD is the biggest manufacturers of HDDs. WD the name itself is enough to tell about the product. I used to use Seagate HDDs but after facing repeated failures of seagate HDDs and losing TB's of data I decided to shift to WD HDDs, and i am much more happy now. WD HDDs are much more reliable than any other brand in HDDs. the quality of this HDD is very good. Its very light and small, small enough to fit in your shirt's pocket. the glossy finish just adds beauty to the beast. I would definitely recommend this HDD to everyone..
-   Amazing delivery speed of Amazon. I got drive in 4 days only and hard disk is awesome and guys it depends on ur pc/lappys RAM. I got enough speed according to my lappy.
-   Fantastic product! Superior finish, most of the body has a matte finish which minimises scratches and smudges. Very compact, size of your palm. Light, silent and hardly any vibration.The best part is the superior transfer speed of the HDD. USB 3.0 transfer was blazing fast as expected. Surprisingly, USB 2.0 transfer speed was faster than any other hard disk I've used, including Seagate and WD. Simply put, it's the best in it's class. Got it while it was on sale so the deal got even more sweeter.
-   Wow..Amazon service is very fast when compared to other e commerce's site...ordered on Tuesday midnight 1 am and got it on Thursday morning....After reviewing all the hard disk and comparing...finally decided to go for WD...About the hard disk...the USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 port transferring rate is pretty fast as expected..Connected to sony tv and it is working fast with it...Encryption software of WD to secure data is very good...didn't explore much from it...once done I will review it again
-   awesome product i purchased it in 3928 and its a lowest price as per that that as compare to all other e commerce sites.the speed of the in and out moving data is also more than 60 mbps and really my previous Wd my passport Hdd is given only 30 Mbps in Usb 3.0but this Hdd is giving the copying speed is more than 60Mbps.
-   Amazing piece of electronic item. It fits easily in my pocket, hassle free and quick transfer of data from my laptop to the drive and vice versa. With add on security feature i can use it wherever and whenever needed. And well amazon offers rock and their delivery system is also awesome. Keep the good work guys. I felt that the delivery agents need to handle goods carefully, the guy who delivered this product threw the bag down, felt as if he is throwing at my face.
-   WD makes the best portable hard drives, have been using the older version of My Passport and My Cloud for years now. Wanted a new drive and increased storage and bought this during the sale on Amazon. The drive works just out of the box with super speeds on USB-3 and ultra light weight so easy to carry and sturdy though I prefer to keep it in a hard cover case for more safety.
-   My previous 80GB HDD died on me and so I thought of buying this cute Ultra portable WD drive. WD Brand is the best as far as HDD is concerned and is very reliable. It is silent and has a USB 3.0 cable which is backward compatible to USB 2.0. It is a 1 Tb capacity drive and has very nice finish in plastic enclosure. I surely recommend this to all those looking for a portable drive. I got this on a lightening deal and it is still available at a deal price.
-   Nice compact and small product. Way too small than you are expecting. Security is great and moreover, IT IS CERTIFIED FOR WINDOWS 10 COMPATIBLE in western digital website and I AM USING WINDOWS 10 HOME 64 bit and its working perfectly. Outside casing is not hard like metal, its having a plastic casing which is not too strong but OK without any additional case cover. So I suggest to buy a case cover for this hard drive. Its best and recommended from my side.
-   The hard disk come in white and blue coloured pack which contain a 1tb HD, a usb 3.0 cable and a quick start guide. The speed of the HD is really good, now you don't need to spent your more time on pc, waiting for transfer files. The product is compatible with usb 2.0 also. In usb 3.0 the speed of data transfer is between 80 - 110 mbps & 25 - 39 mbps in usb 2.0. All over the product is amazing, trendy and value for money . . . . . . . .thank u . . . . :D
-   Delivery before time...that happens every time with Amazon...very happy with delivery.....thanks to amazon and cloudtail...Now talking about wdmy passport ultra,intially,it took some days and efforts including email and telephonic conversations to obtain correct date of warranty.Performance of hard disk is amazing,transfer speed is also very fast.Hard disk is light weight and also it is comfortable to hold in a hand..Happy with the product
-   Received the product and first thing was to check Warranty. To my surprise and contrary to many feedback, the warranty for me beyond 3 years (actually 3 years & 15 days). The file transfer rate is excellent. Will have to give it more time and test to see the performance. However, initial review is excellent. The disappointing factor was the delayed delivery, which I think I will pass considering the performance of the product!
-   I have been using it more than a month so far its working very smoothly and I do like its compact and beautiful design. But only thing is that there were no warranty period as mentioned. I got three months less than usual warranty period.Due to technical snag in WD's website I couldn't convey it to WD people, after several failed attempts I dropped my endeavor to inform them about warranty issue. Still I like this product.
-   The product maybe genuine but getting the warranty updated with WD is a mission in itself. I was able to register the drive but the warranty was not for 3 years as claimed in product details. So, I had to contact WD support who told me to send them emails with HDD pictures of all sides along with invoice copy. Well, no body has time for that bull after purchasing something from a legit source. I might be returning the item.
-   I ordered for"WD My Passport Ultra WDBGPU0010BBK 1TB Portable External Hard Drive(Black)". But Cloudtail Delivered "WD Elements WDBUZG0010BBKEESN1TB Portable. External Hard Drive"..I am returning the HDD and I want replacement .
-   But after using the external drive I noticed its not working properly. for a USB 3.0 drive the data transfer speed was very low. only 1-2 mbps.when I was backing up my office data I gently picked up the drive to put a clean paper below it as my table was slightly dirty . but I was shocked to see that the internal component of drive stopped revolving and it hanged. I gently shaked the drive and it started again.I did this again and got the same result.I placed my palm on external drive and felt that the revolving vibrations ( of internal disk) were not constant. there was some tick tick noise in between. I could feel there was some problem. In order to check all your new drives. use this method. If there is any mechanical problem you will definitely feel it.Same thing has happened with me before. on same product( older version wd ultra blue color). I was unlucky. As WD and Amazon both are companies with high reputation and reliability. And this is a one in a thousand chance.
-   Its not working I have clicked on Return of replace item Option is not available...I got the drive on 12th Aug... Very poor Replacement policy.
-   It's Casing is not good.. It got dropped from table to split open into two... I would suggest something else with a better Casing for portable devices...
-   WD Stopped working. Don't buy can someone help to replace it
-   The website mentions 3 year limited warranty from date of purchase and the packaging also mentions the same however on registering the product with manufacturer it is showing only 2 yrs of warranty left. This is clearly Not acceptable.
-   The cable seems to defective as it is not detected by pc in one time... I believe cable fitment was not checked before dispatching the same. Hence, I might have to look for a new cable unless the supplier/Amazon provides the same.
-   Poor transfer speed at 22 -27 Mbps for both USB 2. and USB 3. Casing also looks very fragile. I am afraid if it falls even slightly it will break open into two. Absolutely unexpected from a brand like WD when they charge premium amount. Plus the seller was Reliance Digital Express, so can not even question the originality of the product. I am currently using Seagate since almost 5-6 years which still works nice and smooth
-   Cost of the product is simply increased to Rs 6,999 and den given discount. Actual cost of the product is approximately 4K.
-   The packing from Amazon could have been better with bubble wrapping. The original box of hdd was bit dusty. Coming to the hdd, while holding it in hand (not connected to pc), I noticed a slight sound upon shaking it a little like that of a loose screw. Although it is working fine but I am little worried as the product is brand new. Has anyone else experienced the same problem? Should I use it or return it? Please clarify guys
-   Not much satisfied as was expecting the direct data transfer from mobile itself... but could not.Its todays basic need.
-   The product looks to be good and do not expect too much.The back up software is not synchronised with windows explorer. if you move a file from one directory to another in computer, you have two copies in backup. the time stamp of the files is not taken care off, and multiple copies of backup are getting generated. it is a long way to go for file management system across the industry
-   The service of amazon is really appreciable but the way the way they are cheating customer is painful.One of the worst product in terms of software integrity with the system.The installation of software itself took a long time and after that the installed software is not responding to its own hard disk.I feel dejected with this product and feel never to buy with amazon.
-   The hard drive is very fast. But there is one big problem - its too fragile. I dropped it from a 2 feet table and that's it, it stopped working. My other hard drives have taken multiple higher falls but they never broke and still work. i'd not recommend this drive for storing any important drive. Or at least store it an a well padded case all the time.
-   Had to format it after 1st back up as it became 'read only' on another laptop for some reason. Its working fine after the format, but never such problems with a Transcend. When i called customer support, i was advised not to switch the OS for use (from Mac to windows)! Hope it doesn't give any trouble on a Windows after being plugged into a mac..
-   It's useless. Nothing against seller. The wd product itself is pretty stupid. It's no where mentioned that it will not work with Windows XP I've got two pc ND one laptop with my files the main reason I bought was to backup the data in Windows XP. I I ve had many other brands seagate etc all work with the XP except this sh*t.
-   POOR SPEED!!!!....TRANSFER SPEED AT INITIAL SECONDS IS GOOD BUT AFTER 4-5 SECONDS SPEED DROPS TO 4--5 MbpsMY FRIEND HAS SEAGATE COMPANY HDD EXTREMELY BETTER THAN THISLIKED THE DELIVERY SPEED VERY MUCHAMAZON DO WHAT IT SAYS...HAPPY WITH THE SERVICE BUT SAD WITH THE QUALITY OF WD HDD
-   We are unsatisfied with your product,we are about to claim warranty for this product,but you have made a clear statement of not returnig the item,so please let us know how to claim warranty for this product.The item is defected and not detecting.so please kindly reply as soon as possible.
-   But there is a major issue. The hard disk inside is not sata, but some wd proprietary. This means that if electronic inside gets defective, you can not remove the hard disk and put it in another case. So please buy Seagate or toshiba hdd.
-   Warranty status showing OUT OF REGION in western digital website. Felt cheated.
-   Product was delivered on time. WD My Passport Ultra is light and compact. However the only challenge is the data transfer rate. It may actually test your patience at times. Password protection is a great feature which helps your data to be secure.
-   I have bought this on the 26th Oct, 2015. Transfer speed is pathetic . I have formatted my Laptop and even tried on other devices with different cable and port. Transfer speed is horrible. Merely get 10-20 mbps/sec speed.
-   Somebody broke the box seal, so its like somebody ordered from amazon and than returned after some time there is a dent and scratches on hardrive. Over all good but its now fresh product that I will say 100%
-   The product colour is completely different from its photographs. Thought not a big problem but honestly believe that Amazon should only allow pictures of the actual product to be uploaded by its sellers.
-   While registering this disk, it showed as warranty not valid in India. However 5 stars to Amazon who said that they will service the warranty and provide a replacement in case anything goes wrong
-   Took 3 hours to do a complete drive test to detect bad sectors to begin with. It was completely fine. Additional features that come with the disk work ok. The least bulky 2TB ext hard disk ever.
-   I guess there's some issue with my Hard drive. Sometimes it connects and sometimes it is not recognized by the computer, I am not sure whether this is an issue with Hard drive or my computer
-   good product nice quality and super fast speed but doesn't work smoothly on mac and windows os coz of it HDD config. hope to see some future enhancement in the HDD to multi platform Support
-   it is not detecting in some laptops,and not coming send to my passport ultra option.while other models like WD My Passport Ultra 1TB Portable External Hard Drive (Black) detecting well
-   This hard disk have issue with warranty. warranty starts from the date of manufacture i.e. Jul 2015 to Jul 2018 instead of date of manufacture i.e Jan 16 to Jan 19. Please do needfull
-   ts bulkier than seagate counter part of 2TB, but worst part is the loud sound while it spins. You will feel vibration all over the table, if you keep it anywhere on it.
-   Don't buy. It stops working after few days.
-   This products is rs 300 cheaper but it is definitely different .the expensive drive can read the files in my TV but the cheaper one cannot. Shame on by cloudtail
-   not working , taking infinite time to even copy a 10 mb file and sometimes gives error of permission denied for read and write.Very disappointed.
-   I got this delivered today. Speed in USB 2 is 12-16 MB max. I shall write a review after verifying the speed in usb 3 and some more speed tests.
-   
