+ Product is very good But the scroll button is a little bit shaky and makes a knocking noise which is very disappointing and irritating I think its due to a manufacturer defect Else everything is alright
+ To be honest I was sceptical before ordering it looking at the price. But when I received it (with best packaging) I was amazed to see it was a good quality mouse.  Using since 7 months and had no issues.
+ My Mouse died 2 days back. He was my companion at home for the past 7 months. I am writing this review as his memorial and a way to thank him for his valuable service. A Good product. Comfortable to use, feels solid. One I purchased stopped functioning in just 7 months, that doesn't mean this product is not durable, the main reason is it fell so many times from my hand, from table and sometime I got over excited while playing online games.  Coincidently, we have the same mouse in our office and we are using these for almost 2 years now, still works. So if you are not a rough user like mine, it may last for years.
+ I have been using this mouse for the past one month and it is a very well designed product.  As far as quality is concerned, it is anytime better than the other similar products that I have used in the past.  The keys have a good feel, the overall size is neither too small nor too large and that shape is designed so that it comfortably supports your palm.  The operation is also very smooth and there are no issues so far.  I have been using this with CAD applications wherein I am continuously making use of it an owing to its ergonomics, it has improved the ease of operation.  Definitely recommended!
+ Hi, Friends  I bought this item from this site. It is good, It works well and it is genuine. It gives nice feeling to use it. I got it on very cheaper rate.  Regards, Munesh K
+ Ergonomic Works well with Windows & Linux (Ubuntu) Light with matte finish Seamless right on top Got the Dell mouse I had ordered several days before the estimated date of delivery.  Why its great value is because the price was very competitive & I found better value than S.P. Road shops in Bangalore that are known for good prices.  The offer for free shipping saved me an amount of Rs. 49 making the deal even sweeter. Amazon Transportation Services is not only quick but quite polite giving updates on the web & mobile.  Definitely recommend it.
+ Bought this mouse from amazon.in and using for the last 1 month and i am completely satisfied with the performance of mouse and also good service from amazon as well.. Friends go for it.....
+ I am using this mouse at work which came with my office laptop. It's been two years, and this mouse buttons and the scroll are working excellent. It is handy, easy to use and just good for my day to day browsing and work. I needed a mouse at home where the wireless mouses are failing every one year and eating batteries. Since it is a permanent fixture to the USB hub at home, I decided to buy this mouse, and happy to have the same feel at home.  I strongly recommend this product. Amazon's service is prompt in delivery. And the best price compared all other vendors.
+ Pros: 1. Clean design with no screws + lightweight. 2. Plug n Play i.e. your OS detects automatically. Online driver download/ manual installation not required. 3. Left & Right buttons with entire palm surface is made a bit rough providing better grip + Scrolling is quiet while L/R buttons are clicky. 4. Size fits for most unless you are a giant.  Cons: 1. Scroll button wobbles a bit. Not an issue if you are careful. 2. Not for hardcore gamers/ users who mashes buttons a lot. 3. Plastic feels cheap.
+ This was my first purchase on Amazon,previously I have done shopping on Flipkart.So,I just thought to give it a try to amazon as it is the biggest online retailer in US.   Now about the product,the Dell MS111 mouse is very comfortable and fits into hands easily.It is a optical mouse with scroll wheel,left,right click and has a USB interface.The product was delivered within a day and in a good condition.Overall I am very happy with the product and also with purchase from Amazon...Looking forward to some more shopping from Amazon...:-)
+ The product was available at an awesome bargain on Amazon. Was fully satisfied with the product. The bottom doesn't get rough or gathers dust easily. But the con's were driver installation takes longer than normal and the clicks are too loud. Might get time to get used to it, if ure a user who wants silent clicks.
+ i don't know but i started having a filling that dell mouse are much better then any other, since the era of optical mouse has began, this mouse last at most for 15 months, i just have a habit of  trying new product every time and i come across this one & seriously Dell MS111 as last for more then 2 years
+ If you're looking for any low budget plus perfect branded mouse than go for Dell MS111 works perfect with both desktop and laptop too:) Very durable and wires and plastic material used are ossom. Looks premium dont u get any cheap feeling after buying this, perfect value for money I hav 3 mouse like this:)
+ This mouse is awesome.  Have been using it for few days..haven't had any difficulty.. Also comes with 1 yr Dell warranty so complete satisfaction.  At this price point it is a tough competition to Microsoft and Logitech.!!  Thumbs up to Dell for providing this product!!
+ Cheap price tag doesn't mean that you're going to get a low quality product. The mouse feels sturdy and good to hold in hands. The clicks don't sound that much. Don't know why people are complaining about that. The mouse looks good and it'll never let you down with its awesome performance. Go for it.
+ Cheap price tag doesn't mean that you're going to get a low quality product. The mouse feels sturdy and good to hold in hands. The clicks don't sound that much. Don't know why people are complaining about that. The mouse looks good and it'll never let you down with its awesome performance. Go for it.
+ dell is a standard product  since almost many entry level mouse have the same cost, its a smart move to pic this one over the others. dell mouse offers you good amount of warranty  its comfortable to use it the response is very good  just have to go for it
+ The mouse is light, durable and smooth. Good for using softwares like Photoshop where one might one want to use the mouse for a prolonged time duration. It has a good grip. Just a certain sound it creates while clicking but its acceptable. Great product from Dell at a reasonably cheap price.
+ Nice simple mouse, completely fits into my grip.  Delivery: delivered five days after the order. Looks: simple and black, better than those shiny ones which hurt your eye.  Overall, I'm fairly satisfied with the product and it fits really well with my Dell keyboard.
+ the most has a clean functional look, and the performance so far is gud.. only suggestion it would be good to mention length of the cord as a specification since many of us buy it to use with laptops.. and then this mouse kind of becomes difficult to manage since it has a very long cord.
+ Hi I have brought this a month back.The performance is very good.value for money.a decent product in this price range.
+ price went slightly down after i purchased, but the product is good, as this is the original dell mouse ( i think)
+ Been using this mouse for a while and just replaced the old one with a new one. Very good at what a mouse is supposed to do and no complication with 5 buttons and stuff. Good fit in the hand and a great day to day product.  The seller delivered the product on said time but used India post so was a bit nervous about that but arrived soon and in good condition.
+ This product is Very good for the price given to it. 100% satisfied with this product.I recommend this to all.
+ Good quality ,, tough , durable, ,, long wire ,,,  cheap,,, sober ,, and comfortable to use .... go for it!!
+ I was in need of a mouse urgently, so I got an Amkette Wave mouse for Rs. 250 from a shop nearby which has got a very bad quality scroll button that goes up when scrolled down and vice versa.  Luckily, I got this Dell MS111 Optical USB mouse from Amazon for only Rs.200.  I have been using it now for over a month and it is working smoothly without any problem.
+ This one is very nice product for daily use. On every scale like brand, comfortability, look etc, I have find satisfactory result of this product. This mouse is very nice and easy to handle this one. Also it is under warranty and we can easily believe on Dell service. If anyone wants wired mouse at cheapest rate and quality product, can go for this one.
+ This is a good product to use.Still working good.But sometimes it tooks long time to come in working condition after connected with my laptop.Also Amazon need to deliver the item much more before then they actually did.Delivery time should be less so that customer will attract to buy product from Amazon more and more.I will also recommend others to buy it.
+ Dell MS111 Optical USB Mouse is a very nice product. I got it for Rs 199 and i am totally satisfied with this mouse. It is quiet large in size due to which i get a good hold over it and the scrolling wheel is also very smooth. The cable is also of very good length. This product is excellent in this price range. So dnt think more......Just go for it....
+ This is a good mouse for the price.feels good in hand. And I have to fill nine more words for review
+ smooth and awesome for dell laptop. Quit cheap. I recomend all of you to use this for your dell laptops.
+ Based on about 5 days of use, its a good mouse. Works well on wooden surfaces as well as a mouse pad. I like the size and ergonomics specifically because it does not bulge a lot in between allowing you to operate with almost flat palms. I also simultaneously purchased a Logitech mouse...but this is better as well as cheaper by almost Rs. 70/-.
+ 'The delivery was fast infact 2 days before the estimated arrival. The buttons are a bit noisy but that doesn't causes too much of a distraction. The specs on the delivered product says, weight:90g (with cable) but here on Amazon it says as 59g. Other than these minor issues it is a cheap and decently performing mouse from a reputed company.'
+ This is the best mouse I find in this price range from a good company like dell. The build quality is very good and it is strong and sturdy. It's do not damage even after rough use. The wire length is good, the scroll button gets defected  and do not work after nearly a year but, I buy it again and again ... As there is no better choice
+ First of all thanx to Amazon for delivering product on time and with good packaging.. Now Coming to the mouse, mouse is quite good as this price range and it is from DELL. it feels premium as well. i have given 4 rating because it is little bigger for me otherwise i had give 5.. So i recommend to you for go fot it!! Happy Buying!!!
+ nice one nd i like it. i want to thank amazon.in for nice service. Thank you very much amazon .
+ This is amazing product, by  price ,I am very satisfied by getting this product, Rough and tough,comfortable to use,excellence performance
+ It's a good mouse, works quite well. I know I bought it coz the dimensions said it was a normal sized mouse but ever since I bought another smaller sized one, I find this one bigger and uncomfortable, so that's why the 4 stars. However, given the price range and the brand value, I'd say it works just fine. So, go for it!
+ Best Companion in price like this. Very smooth, clicking and scrolling are buttery smooth. Length is not an issue, have very good length. Nice and comfortable hold on medium size hand. Black colour locks very classy and attractive. Don't think too much go for it. I'm in love with this little guy, using it for a laptop.
+ worth the money. best mouse in the price range. good sensitivity. . . . . . . . . .
+ Best budget mouse in my opinion...not good looking but sturdy and does the job flawlessly...what to expect more of a sub Rs.200 gadget
+ After reading the reviews my decision was more concrete of choosing this great mouse.  After ordering, as usual the fast delivery within 2 days of ordering, the packing was excellent truly admirable.  This is a very comfortable and heavy duty mouse from dell.  Pros. A nice matte design comfortable grip Single piece design for left and right button Light weight Lengthy cable
+ iTS PERFECTLY IN THE SHAPE AND SIZE AND GOOD FOR AN OFFICE USE MODEL. i LOVE THE BUILD QUALITY. I FIND NOTHING WRONG WITH THIS PRODUCT AT THIS PRICE. THE SERVICE BY AMAZON IS REALLY NICE, COZ I GOT IT QUICK AND SAFE JUST AS PROMISED .  I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR HOME/OFFICE USE.  GREAT BUILD QUALITY . AND NO FANCY NAMES OF THE BRAND ( THE WAY I LIKE IT )  SO GO FOR IT IF YOU THINK ALIKE :)
+ Its Awesome....Dell Mouse at Rs. 200/- its unbelievable. It is lighter & very handy. Feels comfortable while working on my laptop.
+ Does what it promises and that too when its highly affordable (got it in one of the deals time) it makes for double delight. Keep using it daily... boy did I miss this. I have been using a lot of cordless Mice but then they started asking for more power (needed to replace 4 batteries every month. That is when I decided to get this one. And I am happy with going out with this cutie! I suggest you to gift one yourself.
+ This is a Cheap But SOLID looking mouse, Wonder why its a Best seller mouse?  It was delivered on time. I checked it and its working fine. This mouse is Big and will fix normal person's Mouse Very Well.  My Laptop have USB 2.0 Ports so i checked it, and it worked just well.  Its new so can't say much about the Durability but this Dell Mouse looks Durable too.  Go for it guys.
+ This mouse does what it's supposed to do. The clicks are registered every time. Scrolling is smooth. Also, the design and shape makes sure that your clicking experience is fatigue free. Perfect companion for laptops as its size is right between a mini and a regular mouse.  Go ahead and buy one.  P.S: This is my 3rd Dell mouse in 8 years that I've owned various laptop. I'm addicted!
+ lowest price off 220 for this mouse. and excellent product by dell. buy it and you will not need any other mouse.
+ I recommend the product good product at good price. Working absolutely fine and i am planning to order more for my office.
+ ummm.. As all the dell products this mouse is also very durable and can be used in many ways. It's good for gaming also.
+ This mouse really good. Its cheap but its from Dell. Its working smoothly with my computer. No clicking or scrolling problems. Its the best in comparison to its counterparts.
+ Its a super mouse at an incredibly superb price from amazon. Easy to use, very responsive and most importantly its a Dell. Using it for more than a month now and trust me I am very satisfied with the product. Regarding the price, I had looked for the same mouse on other sites (Ebay, Flipkart) but none of them offers this product at such a low price.   Its was my first order on Amazon and I  must mention that the delivery and packaging by amazon was amazing. I would surely recommend shopping on Amazon.in to my friends. Kudos
+ Best price as compare to all other sites. I will always prefer amazon to buy gadgets. and product was genuine
+ Good in range. best quality product. if y o u are try to purchase you should purchase it. dell is awesome product to makin computer devices.
+ No problem until now, great quality and great click sound... Highly responsive and easy to handle, and it won't work with ps2 converter, I've tried it....
+ Original Dell product,  excellent quality but courier service was little delay, despite of delay in service amazon deserve five stars. Thanks to amazon.
+ Great grab... Good deal... Great price.. Great make... Awesome product with great quality...  Credits to amazon for great service..  Keep up..
+ excellent, perfectly priced, quality is very good, very well packaged, very well delievered, setup is extremely easy, no complaints atall...
+ It is a very nice mouse and very smooth also. And its rate is also not so much, the best and cheapest mouse ever seen. Thank You Amazon
+ i have got this product for rs260 -6.6%cashback i.e rs 240  you can also buy from cashkaro and save thousands over Internet shopping(amazon, myntra, jabong, snapdeal&many more)and an unbelievable cash back of 20%on American swan's site . you may get extra 100rs credit if you join with the following link  http://cashkaro.com/r=119426  just copy the link in your browser's address bar and enjoy great savings
+ Great product have been using it for 6 months Bang for the buck i would say Stock Batteries which i got with them are still working really exceeded the limit they claim I mean yeah they said 3 months for the mouse and 6 for the keyboard. It has been 6 months and batteries on my mouse are still working and the keyboard batteries would last a year at this rate. I use this kit at my home so they claimed thier limit for office use but yeah that is the battery life i am getting from these in home use I used this kit for playing far cry 4 from the beginning i did ended the game without changing batteries. I play alot of games like Call of duty, Far cry 3, Hitman, prince of persia 4 , Tekken 5 and more, it is quite more than a home user would use his keyboard and mouse. Batteries on these really last long man and they come with alkaline batteries so don't expect the same battery back up with cheap lead batteries. I really bought a 8 pack of duracell for the kit after 3 months i guess but i really didn't get to change the batteries since then
+ This is my first experience with Amazon.in and It was quite good. I wanted to buy this product so I searched every single website and app like flipkart, snapdeal and paytm. Finally I came on amazon.in Comparing to other sites, the price is very much less.  I was told that the product will reach on 8th of june but the product reached 3days before. When I asked the delivery guy that I would like to open the box and check the product before making payment. To my surprise, he politely said okk sir you can, and if anything goes wrong I will accept this product back. I checked the box and everything was in place with appropriate packing.  Now comes the best part, Delivery guy had machine So easily I made the payment with my debit card.  It's a good product . It's a combo so only one port is being used . Range is good. Only problem is that the keyboard is smaller than your laptop or pc's keyboard.  So initial 2-3 days will be uncomfortable but you will adapt after 3-5 days. It's a logitech product so I don't need to worry at all.  Yes I would recommend this product to my friends. Go for it guys.
+ Pros: Keyboard is sturdy, small form factor. Pre-defined volume control keys. Function keys can be customized using Logitech SetPoint software. Full sized mouse with invisible optics. Customizable mouse middle button (via SetPoint). No visible LEDs in mouse or keyboard to save battery. High DPI mouse, better that cheaper wired variants. Relatively longer battery life, as compared to other brands. Highly suitable for students, internet users, casual gamers. Saves desktop space.  Cons: Mouse battery cover is a little loose. Cover opens up when is used on rough surfaces, like on fabrics or rough denims. Both mouse and keyboard lacks on/off switch. Battery is to be removed to turn off mouse or keyboard. No status indicator LEDs on keyboard. SetPoint software is to be installed for OSD and battery level indication. The keys at the edges (function keys and arrow keys) are too crammed. Not suitable for heavy use or hard-core gaming.
+ I have been using this set for more than an year now, and the keyboard has been my daily driver since then. It's extremely compact, and really lightweight, hence easy to carry around. Although, that compactness comes with a price you have to pay with an unconventional keyboard layout that isn't exactly so comfortable. But I have already got accustomed to it now, so I can use it without any issues.  The key travel seems to have placed somewhere between that of a laptop keyboard and a conventional full-size keyboard. Hence it gives commendable feedback, and is extremely comfortable.  But I find the mouse uncomfortable to use. It isn't grippy and isn't that ergonomic. Besides, the scroll wheel button feels too hard. Instead, I have been using the Logitech M185 for the past 6 years, which is undoubtedly one of the best budget wireless mice by logitech.  Do check out my full video review here: (...)
+ Very good product. The parcel came in extra large pack which can held more then 5 such keyboards. Amazon should think of the wastage it is doing.  I bought this keyboard and mouse to be used with my laptop. so form factor is just perfect. Works well. It reminds me of an old advertisement of a bike - complementing its fuel efficiency&#34; fill it, shut it and forget it&#34; same can be told about this product. Plug the dongle and forget it. keyboard and mouse work very nice.  Reason for not giving 5 star is as its a wireless keyboard we have to pick it up many a times. Have a close look at the form. there is no extra space on top, right or bottom. So whenever you pick it up from these side few of keys gets pressed which is very annoying. but now I pick it by holding from left side only.  If this is not a problem for you I would suggest go and buy this product.
+ Ultra compact keyboard together with the ever sturdy logitech quality was a good buy. The keyboard is so compact that it fits into my laptop bag easily too. The keys are quite tightly pushed together to make the keyboard compact which makes it slightly difficult to use initially . The mouse is good as well.
+ Amazing keyboard... Previously I was using Microsoft 2000 combo,  it's still under warranty buy they refused to claim warranty because my product serial number had been evaporated. I'm still fighting with them about that case. But over the scenario this time I was dam sure that I'm not going with Microsoft again because of their fraud warranty policy. That's why I bought this product on tight budget side. First thing is that if you are looking a keyboard to play racing games than this product is not for you because it has much smaller up and down keys. Rest is fine. You can definitely use this product from more than 10 meters distance. Try to download set point software from their own website. It's big on size but worth to download because it will give you notification about caps lock and all that.
+ Mouse is awesome.. No complaints.. Keyboard, the keys are a little crowded especially the arrow keys, and I definitely didn't like the small enter key.. So using it as a desktop keyboard is not advisable, but as a laptop keyboard it worth it doesn't take much space.. It takes one USB for the dongle, which matters on ur usage.. If you know typing, another issue is that the letter F and J is not having a small projection which guide your fingers (I'm not sure of this at the moment, will correct if othwise)  I'm using this product for about a month and it's quite OK, saves space of your desk.. I guess we don't use the keyboard much, so should be OK to buy considering the price.. However a bluetooth device (this one is Radio frequency) would increase the compatibility to even ur mobile devices..
+ first and foremost the combo is really gud for its price.. PROS -nice tactile feedback for keyboard. -really compact if u r looking for that. -mouse is almost palm grip and a little heavy so it feels reliable for long working hours. CONS - it doesnt comes with a unifying receiver and neither with a nani receiver..  it comes with a receiver 2-3 cm long and can have a tendency to break if implied to rough usage. - keyboard is too compact so some keys are cramped like arrow keys and there is no notification light for caps lock, num lock, and others - -there is no palm rest -scroll click of mouse is a little too tight so if u going to work on cad then its going to be a tad difficult -there is no on off switch on any of mouse and kb
+ I have Purchased this product with some hiccups but after i received i felt its good product  Pros :   Well Technically designed   a. No driver software Required   b. No power button auto ON and OFF   Keyboard so compact   keys less, i could say no noise   less weight   you may use like remote also   Multimedia function also there (pause,play,next)    mouse :   Laser mouse, its normal size only.  cons :   A few only but not a matter at all    Right side key in keyboard is somewhere placed, i.e., placed above the numeric pad   that also we need to use with 'fn' key    No indication LEDs like Caps lock, Num lock, Scroll lock. (for battery performance they may be neglected)
+ superb..device..keyboard is very smooth and compact in design..mouse is also great functioning..in this price range this combo is great..two years ago i bought this combo for my friend around 1500 rs. for i ball brand but i found this one very cheaper online on amazon..very fast delivery i am typing this with this combo device keyboard..
+ gr8 keyboard for someone who does want to save space... the only drawback is that the arrow keys are too near making i difficult to play games which involve arrow keys...  also i have observed lags when i connect the adapter to the back of the CPU which is just beneath the CPU table... apart from that no issues whatsoever...
+ Pros light weight super battery backup affordable range is good  Cons receiver is big i.e.  nano receiver was expected No LEDs for caps lock, num lock and scroll lock  i dont think that LEDs does matter a lot but receiver does if u have laptop. for desktop it is amazing product.
+ Its very descent keyboard and mouse Good packing. Comes with 3 year warranty. Its connect with usb2.0 port but it also connects in usb 3.0 but u have be careful with that. Its very smooth u even cant heard the noise of pressing buttons click click.. And its same size keyboard as  comes in 15.6inch laptop. Simply go for it.
+ Nice product at this price. Its doesn't have power off button, but it says it automatically sleeps if not used, n wakes up on sensing motion. So nice technology, it also saves battery. Mouse is a but bulky though. Specially because it uses 2 AA batteries. Amazon also delivered it before its scheduled delivery.
+ Up arrow is small, unable to play games using this keyboard. But it is compact, and paired without any hassle. Wished the dongle would have been a nano dongle, but it is like a 4GB pen drive sticking out of the USB port. Good battery life and mouse has accurate precision. Dont know if any lock keys are enabled..
+ Very nice at that price. Cap lock indication is not there. You have to use on line key board for indication. Little bulky compare to other models of Logitech both mouse and transmitter/signal receiver. Key board is compact. For some it may be difficult for continuous typing. Operation is smooth and noiseless.
+ Had it for about 2 weeks. It is compact and have good soft touch to keys. Range is not that great. When receiver was inserted into the rear USB port of a PC that was inside a shelf, the range is only about 4 feet. When inserted in the front USB port (no obstructions), then it was fine about 8 to 10 feet.
+ totally delighted..... but one thing I would like to suggest to the producer that the wireless dongle be small in size, if possible, as small that it doesn't produce that much out from the usb port... the rest excellent.... go for the purchase itz totally profitable to purchase the product....... good luck
+ Perfect finishing . All good getting it at Rs. 941 was the best part !!! MRP is Rs 1495 on the box !!! But the disappointment was that their was not led indicators for num lock , Caps Lock & Sock lock!!! and their no on/off button hence it will consume more cells !!! :'-( This all takes a star away !!!!
+ Pros: The keyboard is very compact but despite that, it has normal sized keys for great use. It is extremely easy to use and the length of the USB is about half the width of a 10 rupee note (shorter side).  Cons: The only problem I saw was that the backspace key is too small and you'll need to get accustomed to that. Also, there is no indication for Caps Lock, Num keys etc. I would recommend this product.
+ Overall good performance & good product, but the signal of keyboard are quite uni-directional. I recommend to buy this product
+ Use this primarily as a secondary keyboard for my laptop. The only issue with the keyboard is its pretty tiny arrow keys, but if you are used to working on a laptop, this isn't much of a concern. Mouse and keyboard build quality is decent, range is very good. Recommended if you are looking for a decent value for money wireless keyboard and mouse for your daily needs. Probably not that useful for gaming.
+ I was wondering about buying a new keypad & mouse for Samsung smart TV. Saw couple of good reviews about this product and it's compatibility with smart TV. While purchasing it showed delivery by next day 11 AM and I was pleasantly surprised to receive the product (good packaging) by 10:30 AM. It was not even 6 business hours from ordering to receiving. Working well with my TV as well Laptop.
+ I can say this is a quality product. I am posting my reviews after a month of use. I used it with my LG TV, Desktop (Windows 7), and a Raspberry pi 2 (Linux). It is just plug and play on any platform. Some of my friends with wireless keyboard and mouse have battery problems, that battery last not more than 3 weeks for this one its worked more than a month and its working fine. Thanks, R
+ I was looking for an wireless mouse and keyboard , when i came across this product. The keyboard is very compact which could have been a little bigger and the keys too are small. The mouse is very good. It does not have an on/off switch which will use the battery, so putting some extra bucks is worth it in having a wireless keyboard and mouse combo. It comes along with battery and usb sensor.
+ good and durable quality wireless mouse and keyboard by logitech..... no on-off switch provided in both mouse and keyboard, which can help to improve battery life ........ easy to use.....no need to install any driver in win7......plug and play type...... no need to use always just in front of receiver.....can be use from any direction............ happy buying............
+ Mouse is just awsome..mobile..handy..good range..fast.. But the size of Keyboard's button has been made small & are very closely packed with no space at all Some of the buttons locations are different from standard keyboard buttons like Delete Button , Backspace Enter button size is very small..It willl take some time to adapt to it But handy n transportable..Good range
+ I had to buy it after I spilt coffee over my Mac Keyboard and couldn't get that one back to life. I toyed with the idea of buying a Mac keyboard again but it seemed too pricey.  This one works perfectly with my iMac and it was 1/5 the price of a brand new Mac Keyboard. The &#34;command&#34; key is now the &#34;windows&#34; key. Thats pretty much the only difference...
+ The product is good but the top most buttons, the F Keys, don't have proper feedback. (they don't bounce back immediately & some lag is there in almost all keys which is not acceptable ) But the keyboard is small and compact which makes it highly portable..the mouse is fine for me. fits the grip proper.. Otherwise the product is fine.. more details after some usage..
+ i checked keyboard and mouse in my office from 15 foot distance and also from other cabin also work so, this is very very very nice wifi range and auto shutoff system for battery life , when you not touch mouse and keyboard for 30 second they they automatic shut off so BATTERY SAVING mode automatic activated after 30 second.  - keyborad stock is very very smooth, not like microsoft and iball but compare to other keyboard this is MAKHKHAN - keyboard up key is very small otherwise all key are good. - very small and with FN (function key) for space saving keyboard and giving all function with this key like   HOME, EMAIL, SEARCH, CALCULATOR, MUSIC ,BACK, PAUSE, NEXT, MUTE, VOL DOWN , VOL UP, PRINT SCR, &  PAUSE/B. -  come with 2 AA battery pack and 2 AAA battery pack and both are premium GP ALKLINE BATTERY PACK. -  mouse working on my office table without mouse pad. -  go for this and save your space on table in this type of small and powerful ranging keyboard you not finding in any other brand in 1000 rs.  thanks amazon very very very fast delivery and very very nice 3 layer packaging. i think packaging coasting is nearly 50 to 70 rs. so thats about BEST SERVICE FROM AMAZON. AMAZON TRACKING UPDATE WITH SHARP TIMING ON SMS AND EMAIL BOTH .SO TURN OFF YOU EYES GO FOR AMAZON.
+ Meets all basic requirements. The keyboard is excellent. The best available combo in the price range. I'd have given it 5/5 had it not been for the mouse. Since I'm used to the Logitech M325, the M150 (which is a part of this combo) seems quite sub-standard. Also, this combo has 1 drawback. It does not support the unifying receiver.  Overall, a great product.
+ Works on RaspberryPi, MacOSX and Windows7 without any setup or configuration !!  Easy to use. Just Plug n Play. Thats Easy n Love it.  Though Makers site says that it is not compatible with linux !! But it works.  Cons: @ No indicator led on keyboard like, Caps Lock or Num Lock :( @ Arrow keys are a bit Tight of space :(
+ Got this package yesterday. I must say really easy to use keyboard and mouse. There is no lengthy installation process. Just plug the USB receiver and start enjoying the keyboard/mouse.  Regarding Amazon's packaging.....Guys you are awesome!!! So securely packed :)  All in all a good combo if you are looking for a daily use keyboard/mouse.
+ Amazing design, full fledged keyboard with numeric keypad, light weight. Don't know about the battery life yet. Both keyboard and mouse have same receiver. Cons: No LED lights to indicate caps, scroll and num locks. No switch off and on button on both keyboard and mouse. Note: Mouse has invisible optics, meaning no red laser light at the bottom.
+ good delivery by amazon good product,works well,no problem or whatever and ya there are no caps lock led's(but its already mentioned in the description) mouse has a invisible optic which is good for battery life. small keyboard(but ya that's what its should be when its wireless and portable)and keys are soft. and ya it works from a fairly long range.
+ Got the very next day after placing my order with amazon , Genuine product with good packaging from Amazon, size is a bit small so struggling to type fast. Mouse is very nice and sensitivity is nice but keyboard is a bit slow in response when inactive for a minute or two, u need to wait till it start responding Ur inputs , rest is all fantastic.
+ the product is very good and I would recommend it to all. The only obvious thing is you will have to get used to the keyboard as the size is very small and initially it will be a li'l frustrating. I have been using for for a month and no issues with battery whatsoever. It has auto turn off feature when you are not using the keyboard or mouse.
+ Very nice product with warranty. It makes it very easy to use your PC or Laptop from anywhere you want to sit according to your comfort. One con is that USB stick with it is quite large and there is no on/off button on keyboard as well as mouse. Otherwise its a must have gadget if you want to protect your laptop keyboard and minimise its use.
+ Nice product Even it will works fine with ubuntu also no need to install anything, simple plug a usb firmware and the keyboard and mouse starts working.. keys of keyboard are very soft and comfortable mouse clicking is comparatively noisy But working fine And on time delivery of product by Amazon... Thanks
+ Bought Logitech MK220 Wireless Keyboard and Mouse Combo from Amazon . As always I had a very pleasant experience with Amazon purchase . Regarding the item , the keyboard is pretty compact & nice to use . But I am not happy with the mouse. The mouse pointer has a lag and not responding properly as per the movement . I even tried with a mouse pad, but still the same . Could be problem with this particular piece, but did not want to initiate a replacement as I am much in need of the keyboard .
+ The main advantage of this keyboard+mouse is that it is compact. Fits well in small places and with the wireless support it becomes very handy especially when watching movies.  As others mentioned the keyboard definitely takes some time to get used to. The keys are very closely spaced and many a times you end up pressing the wrong key. I really don't have use for the number pad keys. Even after 2 months of usage, I still don't have the same comfort as other normal sized keyboards.
+ Intro: I am using this product for six months before writing this review.This is a very compact wireless keyboard. After a lot of searching I finally zeroed on this keyboard mouse combo, firstly because of it'sperfect dimensions (best suited for persons using laptops and wanna carry a wireless keyboard on the go in their backpack) and secondly the most obvious reason that it is of Logitech. I would like to add something here because I think this is something many of you don't know or may not have noticed like me. Logitech International is actually a Swiss Multinational company and not of Taiwan or South Korea as the name may sound like. Build Quality: The build quality is nice especially the keyboard.But I would have preferred a better build of the mouse. The top piece of the mouse doesn't sit firmly and is a little squeaky. You can find this really clearly when you hold the mouse up in air and shake it gently. Even some low cost mouse vendors like Zebronics, iball provide better build mouse than this. The keyboard is well built, not squeky of any sorts but certainly not spill proof. To tell you about the overall size of the keyboard I would tell that is almost the same as the size of a laptop (ie. of a 14-15.6 inch) keypad. I hope you can understand how compact it is. Usability:The keyboard has closely placed keys which might be annoying for some but if you are used to using laptops it won't be an issue. There is also a INR symbol in this keyboard and thats really handy. I must mention that this keyboard has every keys that are present on a normal desktop keyboard even the print screen key(which comes in handy while test ping) inspite of its compact form factor. The keys are quite tactile too. Moreover the keyboard comes with multimedia functionality with all shortcut keys of volume up down, calculator, my computer and so on. You need to press the FN key plus the respective keys (i.e for those multimedia functionality) together. Overall the mouse response is really good. And kudos to the strong range of the wifi you can use this keyboard sitting far away from the computer. Best suited for watching movie and sitting on your bed or sofa while your computer is placed about 10ft away on the table. No issues. Or maybe for slide presentation. Inbox contents: 1. Mouse 2. Keyboard 3.Two AAA GP Alkaline battery (mouse) 4.Two AA GP Alkaline Battery. Competitors: 1.Microsoft Wireless Desktop Keyboard 800 2.Dell Wireless Keyboard Mouse Combo KM113 But considering the form factor of the Logitech MK220 there at all no competition because the other two are much bigger in size and difficult to carry round. Plus I suggest to go with Logitech as it's a more experienced player in the field of computer accessories than the other two. If you like my review kindly press the like button below to support me to write more reviews like this in future.
+ the keyboard is very compact but i like it.The typing is very comfortable. I'm glad that I got a keyboard with big left shift key. But the mouse is disappointing. The size of the mouse is good but its too heavy because of its two AA batteries. I have a wireless mouse from HP which fills great in hand and that has only one AA battery. I would have given it FIVE STARS if it were a little bit lighter. The mouse is too heavy, less see how many days it will take to get acquainted with it.
+ no problems until now. Works like a charm BIOS menu onwards (on Samsung N 300 series laptop.) The M150 mouse that comes along, is a lil big than the B175 mouse, and it doesnt have ON-OFF switch, and needs 2 AA cells. Keyboard is good in quality. Its got Alt key instead of context key, which i dislike (just right to space key) The wireless receiver takes both keyboard and mouse, compatible with Linux, tested on ubuntu based ArtistX 1.5 and Arch based Kali Linux
+ Good VFM portable keyboard (Rs. 1138)  Pros: - Small size factor - Ligthweight Mouse and keyboard - Invisible optical sensor (Increases battery life) - Good mouse Ergonomics - Function keys come in handy  Cons - No Charge indicator on Mouse/Keyboard - Arrow keys on keyboard are Irregular - No option to fit receiver inside the Keyboard / Mouse - No Caps/Scroll lock Indication - No ON/OFF switch on Keyboard/Mouse
+ The keyboard is small because all the extra space has been removed. Using it for typing this. The only difference is the arrow keys are like that of laptop. The mouse is normal sized. No on/off switch on them, probably have their own way of saving power. A single USB as a receiver, because its a combo. Im using it with my Samsung Note 10.1 tablet with an OTG. Connected automatically without any setup or anything. I dont know if you can get a better product at this price!
+ Great product. Everything is the same as explained. great compact keyboard with all the keys. mouse works very smoothly and properly. MAIN USP - Free Logitech set point software. Through this software you can customize your function keys, mouse keys and many different tools. CAPSLOCK ON/OFF , SCROLL ON/OFF and NUMLOCK ON/OFF INDICATORS show on screen so you dont have to take your eyes of your screen.  It has everything what i wanted. Totally satisfied.
+ I got this at Rs 1039.00 with 10% cashback on my citibank credit card (seems it is just a voucher of 103.9rs if i am to buy another product from amazon) worth the price. However in a weeks time the mouse has started to behave absurdly. I think i got the one with auto  right click function. Beware of playing any shooter games, you may end up shooting your own guys accidently. trying to find a way how to get this replaced/repaired/resolved. can amazon help.?
+ I bought this in Feb 2014 and it is still working perfectly, the battery never died on me, the range is good and it is compact and lightweight just what I was looking for, only problem is the wireless connector for this is a little big about the size of a pen drive this might be a problem for some people but all in all very satisfied and would recommend it to everyone who wants a compact lightweight portable wireless keyboard and mouse combo
+ I bout this product from a retail store at almost the same price as Amazon. After using for 3 months, here are the reviews.  Pros : - Excellent connectivity for my laptop and desktop (works excellent in Debian Linux). - Small and compact keyboard which was uncomfortable during the first 1-2weeks of use but after getting used to the keys, the experience is amazing. - Keys are super quiet and smooth  Cons - - Mouse is a bit heavy because of AA batteries. Would be much better if AAA batteries are used. - USB receiver is a bit bulky.  I have been using this Keyboard & Mouse combo for 3 months now for Software Development work and the experience is excellent. If you plan to buy this, just go for it without any 2nd thoughts.
+ Hi i bought this keyboard more than a year back, to use with my nexus 2012. It was fine, laptop style, small size yet usable. As i already had a wired keyboard for desktop, i used it only when there is no power, with tablet for net browsing and typing emails.  2 Problems i faced: 1. Because of small size arrow/navigation keys, it is difficult to play games or scroll webpages. 2. As i was busy, i didn't use the keyboad for around 1.5 to 2 months. I forgot about the free batteries inside. They leaked and as circute is right below the batteries, entire circute got damaged. Now i am left with a brand new shell of the keyboard.  So my advice to all of you is... Buy a good set of batteries and never ever leave them inside when not in use.
+ I am pleased with my purchase of this wireless keyboard and mouse. Though the keys are a bit differently located compared a standard keyboard, in fact, I found them more convenient. The top row keys are smaller in size, but they pose no problem while using. There is good tactile feedback and typing on them is a pleasure. But I felt the mouse a bit too heavy to start with due to the weight of the batteries. But as I continued using them I feel the weight more of a convenience because the mouse sits stable on the pad due to its weight. Both the keyboard and mouse are responsive and I hardly feel any lag or delay in their operations. I would highly recommend anybody to go for this, of course, based on my initial experience.
+ I have been using it for a week now (mainly to play Mount and Blade) on a laptop connected to my HDTV. It works flawlessly. The box includes batteries for the mouse and the keyboard, which is a plus. The keyboard is quite compact, yet includes full-sized keys.
+ deliver after 5 days of order,right now i m using it,mouse is osm.but keyboard  is ok ok .plastic quality is not good,keys a are placed very nearely not good for programmer but ok for daily uses.if u dont have more money than go for it.
+ The delivery was prompt, and the product was in pristine condition. It's just as we see in the listing, and works as expected too. There are no connectivity hassles, just plug and play.  It's great for the price and I'm pretty happy with the product overall, but it does have its limitations and cons.  For example, the keyboard, in its quest to be compact, is a little too compact and ends up being difficult to hold from most angles. Also, the mouse is on the coarse side (speaking sensitivity wise), coz it's a bit low on the sensor resolution probably to keep the price down.
+ I purchased for my laptop which is connected to the TV and the keyboard and mouse helps in working from a distance. I would not recommend for any other use, definitely not for regular work.  Pros: Plug and play, works out of the box. (Tried in XP and Windows 7) It has good range.  Cons: Not very sturdy, feels like some keys might fall off. Keyboard layout is crammed and not at all ergonomic, especially the arrow keys. No power button, hopefully the power is managed well by the electronics.
+ I have purchased  this wireless keyboard combo on a lightning deal from amazon with only 999/- bucks.after using this keyboard to four days then  one word I have to say it's awesome. Range is about 10 meters I have controlled my smart tv from 10 meters approx.there is no lag in cursor after using it.it's compact and light in weight with nice finish.thanks amazon for providing me a good deal.friends  if u want to watch the unboxing review then click on the link below I have uploaded the review : https://youtu.be/nfUmtrbtTkQ
+ Hello to every one  Over all the product quality, delivery time and functionality is good. It works good and has a good range of input functionality. The only thing i found lacking is the On/Off switch for saving upon the battery. The frequency finder (I suppose) may latch continuously for the receiver which may consume the battery and you have to change it frequently. Though the product works fine and does its function properly.  A must buy for avoiding the wires and do the lazy bed time surfing. ;)
+ For the last one month I am using this keyboard and mouse in office. Excellent product, very useful, The office table is now with lot of free space, no wires and gives lot of freedom to keep the keyboard away when not in use. another use i found is the security to the computer. if we remove the  wireless connector, the computer cant be used as the keyboard and mouse are not connected. to add the service of amazon was excellent. safe packing and quick delivery.  I recommend this wireless keyboard and mouse.
+ I had ordered on 1-2-2016 and received it on 3-2-2016. The packing with Airplus packs surrounding  the item is good for protection of the item. The router's performance is awesome. It is working in every corner of my 2 Bed room apartment. The installation of the software by the CD provided with the product, is very easy. Damn good product. Cheers to Amazon for their quick delivery and good packing.
+ The router TL-WR841N from TP-Link is just an awesome piece of technology at cheapest rate one can imagine. There are a no. of 300N Wifi routers but compared to the price and reliability it is a winner. I've been using it for the past 3 months and the following are my findings about the router:  Pros:- - Good looking & compact router. - Super easy to set up. - Web based utility does a good job in controlling the router. - All required instructions for easy setup are provided. - The Stock firmware has a lot to offer. - DD WRT firmware support (Just Google 'DD WRT' for details). However, I was unable to use the feature as DD WRT firmware for V9 is not available. Also it voids warranty. - Physical Power AND Wi-Fi switch present. Which means you can switch off your WIFI alone while letting the router run and manage physical LAN connection. - 4 LAN ports present. - It can also be used as range extender. - Has 2 non-detachable antennas for boosting Wi-Fi. I've installed the router in 1st floor and get 1-2 bars in ground & 2nd floor and just outside on the road. Also my tab shows 1 bar while on the roof top of my 3 storey building. So, its coverage is good to average. Data/Internet speed has little effect on the available no. of bars. - It can share loads of data via Wi-Fi & LAN network. I had successfully converted my tab into Wi-Fi virtual keyboard, mouse & gamepad/joystick. - Wall mounting can also be done. - 3 Years Replacement Warrenty.  Cons:- -Well as such no serious problems have been faced till date. My only concern is its white colour which looks great but is likely to get dirty sooner or later. - Unnecessary heating problem can be avoided by installing it in an open space.  Overall it is the cheapest router available in the market at present with loads of feature on offer. It is highly recommended for those who want cheap router with reliability, security & loads of features.  UPDATE (1/11/15) :- The router has been working flawlessly for a year and a half now. However, I had to go for replacement twice due to no fault of mine but Act of GOD. The service of TP-Link is great. They replaced my router after testing then and there with no question asked. Though I had to carry it to there service center. Also, I can see the price has come down to half (by '600-'700). Hope this update will help in further decision making.
+ I am always a fan of TP-Link and this time I bought this TL-WR841N Router for one of my friend who wanted access his Cable Broadband as WiFi. Configuration was really hassle free as always.  Though after installing, I was a little bit disappointed with the WiFi range. While I am using two TP-Link Modem cum Routers on my two storied home and some of my friends also use this router but they get a very good range but especially this router lacks a good wifi range. I thought this TP-Link comes with 5 DBi Dual Antenna  but what I saw, I think particularly this one maybe came with 3 DBi dual Antenna...And the Wi-Fi signal is fluctuating too much within the same floor and farthest corner is missing signal too. While my TP-Link router covers the whole ground floor as well as there a low but still some sort of range remains available.  So somehow, the 3DBi antenna is causing a good range of Wifi and in my opinion, this is really a very good limitation of this Router which I didn't like this time.
+ Kudos to Amazon for delivering this awesome product way ahead of time.  I just love this device. I won't hesitate to say that I'm huge fan of Netgear and I actually considered buying either Netgear JWNR2010 or CISCO Linksys E900 router. But then I stumbled upon the customers review page and saw that this device has top rating and is a best seller.  I never regretted purchasing this device. I was upgrading to this router from NetGear WRN 612 N150 (Good device in N150 class).  The older device gave me good signals only in middle of my house but this beast gives me full strength signals till every nook and corner of my house. WiFi signal is soo strong that my friend whose house is 4th floor (I stay in 2nd floor) asked me for my WiFi password. When enquired he says that he is seeing my WiFi SSID with Good strength (my previous router used to say Fair strength when connected from my bedroom :p ).  Verdict: THIS IS THE BEST N300 DEVICE IN THIS PRICE RANGE.
+ The price I bought it at was Rs.895. It's a great router, the set up is easy so any layman can do it, not that I am one when it comes to tech. There are no signal drops & the wired connection is fast. I have a home network for which it works perfectly, this means I can view movies that are on my PC from another PC connected to the home network [streaming from 1 PC to another or multiple PC's visa-versa] and this is all over the WiFi not wired. There is no buffering involved, for people who don't understand this, the movie files would play just as if it was on your computer but it is not. The WiFi connection is good & it has good range even with obstacles in between, I am saying this having placed this router in one of the worst places in the house, where it is currently.  Review is based on Price related to - Build Quality - 95% WiFi Signal Quality/Range - 95% Connection Speed Wired/WiFi - 95% I give it 4 stars because there is always something better.  I also game on the Xbox One & 360, so for gaming this router is good as well, but as always the internet is pathetic in this country [India], so unless you have a corporate connection, you will have to deal with the drawbacks of a personal home connection, mine being Airtel broadband. I don't blame Airtel nor do i have a cheap connection to Airtel.
+ No doubt, it is an excellent, top rated product. There are lots and lots of reviews and I found them correct mostly. Although there are rarely some signal drops, it works fine most of the time. In my 2 BHK house, it works perfect when I am near the router and it performs fairly well in balconies or extreme corners.  But the 3 rating is for the minor glitches I faced for the order. For the first time, I wanted to get the order through COD with express delivery. Although I was prepared with cash, the delivery guy had a machine for swiping debit card, felt glad. But sadly, that didn't work due to some issues. Please fix that if possible.  Also, after placing the order I had to change the contact number for getting calls from delivery guy as my old number (which is given in my profile) was suddenly not getting proper signals in my office. So, I tried to contact them on a Friday night and they picked up the call, noted down the new number & informed me that the delivery boys would call me up on my new number. But sadly, I was contacted on my old number and miraculously it was having weak network coverage so I could at least receive the call. Previously I have had pleasant experience for each and every order while shopping with Amazon, and I would love it if these problems are sorted out in future.
+ Probably the best 300mbps router you can find in this price bracket. Range: don't expect double the coverage compared to 150mbps single antenna routers but definitely better,  If you're having trouble with signal quality with your old 150mbps router at one room at the other corner of your house this could be a cheap solution.  Repeater function : It supports repeater function out of the box through WDS bridging, although TP Links states WDS bridging between routers of different make may not be possible i got it done with my Asus DSL N10E. Another method  to use it as a repeater is to flash DD-WRT firmware which is available nd it also unlocks a vareity of other features but remember it voids warranty. (note: WDS bridging limits bandwidth of router according to base router's so if its bridged with 150mbps router you get only that)  UI : simple UI with standard options and features that you could find in any router in the range, and TP link provides an android app -  TP Link tether -  which enables basic control of router from android device like managing connected clients.  The one thing i could complain is its white color, which looks actually good now but since routers are bound to be spending most of its life in a corner or on walls and eating dust the white would soon turn into something else.
+ Since this is the first time I was using a router of my own, I was a little worried as to how manageable will it be for me wrt the weight (I travel), wires etc.I was happy to see that this device is light and easy to configure. The instruction manual was pretty easy to follow. I set up my PPOE connection (with a little help from my service provider to reset mac) by myself. Other operations like setting up password and configuring LAN was easy. Within no time, my wifi is up and running. The speed and coverage that I am getting (if placed on a suitable place) is pretty good. The area of 750 sq feet is covered by this device pretty well. I did notice some network drop for few seconds which needed a web page refresh but its probably my network, cant be sure. Its only been few hours this is up and running. I am eager to test it for a complete day's utilization. I hope it will do good. So far so good. Thanks to the manufacturer, Amazon and every team associated with this request of mine, for this product. Good luck.
+ I was looking for a router which can provide decent connectivity on at least 2 floors in a budget price. I figured out that at least 2 antennas are needed for better coverage (more the antennas, better the coverage). After reading the positive comments on this device I ordered one and till now the experience is good. I have been using it for the last one month and satisfied with the product as it solved my needs. My house is 1100 sq ft and I have placed it in the middle of the house on the wall. The connectivity on the ground floor is excellent and good on the room just above it on the 1st floor. However, the signals are week as we more further on the 2nd floor to other rooms. I can easily make skype calls from the ground and 1st floor without any lag but I get very weak signals on the 2nd floor and no signals on terrace. Till date there is no requirement for the router to be restart and I have enjoyed hassle free connectivity. However, I could not connect/ configure the router very easily by following the  instructions  and had to call my service provider to connect to internet. Overall a good buy from Amazon..
+ I moved from BSNL to ACT for obvious reasons and it rendered by DLINK ADSL+ router useless so I was in look for a router which can work with ACT. I was looking at different routers and personally I am a fan of Dlink for their quality products and i was using them for years then suddenly came across this one and started reading the comments posted by others and within few minutes made my mind up to buy this one.  Was delivered in less than 2 days, opened box and found router, power adapter, a lan cable and guide. Connected this with power source and then turned on the router within 20 seconds i was able to see this on my mobile, configured it which took another minute and voila it was working. Connected my 2 phones and 2 pc wirelessly and it was working flawlessly on all. Signal strenth is very good even across the walls in a room which is located around 100 ft away from where i placed the router. 3 months and not a single issue of drop or whatsoever so far. Happy that i made decision to buy this one.
+ It's been 50 days since I have been using this Router... Pro's: 1. Works like a charm for 2 days continuously...haven't tried longer than that actually. 2. No heating issues...none whatsoever even after 2 days of Non-stop usage. 3. Really lightweight 4. Wall Mountable...which is a real plus point..which is not there in other similarly priced Routers 5. WDS Mode/Compatible with Repeaters and has Advanced Routing features and a really EASY SETUP 6. DD-WRT Compatible  Con's: 1. Moderate Range...as expected from Routers within this price point... 2. Doesn't come in Black...only in White...so may get Yellowish...dirty after some time...not happened to mine as of yet...
+ Honestly, I ordered netgear JNR1010 for 900Rs. but amazon delivered me this. I was not happy at first for such mistake and heard that tp-link products are not good. So I contacted Amazon and order for replacement. As it had some time to arrive, I opened this and start using. It was an easy setup and range was amazingly wide. I was happy with this products performance So I decided to keep it over my replacement. Luckily this products price was around 1000Rs. and had two antennas, so I decided to reject netgear(having only 1 antenna- responsible for range) and since then I am enjoying wifi over tp - link. Dont hesitate to buy this product. I have not got any complaints till now. Best budget router, GO FOR IT!!!
+ It works as mentioned. I have been using it for over a month with my ACT internet connection and never faced a problem. It is one of the best budget wireless router. I live in a 3 bhk apartment and never faced range problem in any room or corner.
+ First of all I want to thank Amazon for its wonderful delivery. Amazon delivered one day before they promised. The Installation of this product is very simple and wireless range is excellent. I like this product. It is worthful at this price
+ As always, this particular model of TP link has stood out from the other products in this range. Pricing is just perfect for the below 1000 range. Wifi quality and range is pretty awesome and strong. My 1200sq ft 3 bed room flat was accessible with wi-fi from any corner. I stay on the 2nd floor but the wi-fi could be accessed outside the gate of my apartment. No problem with 4-5 parallel running devices (of course this depends on your connection speed). The device looks good, is low on maintenance, does not heat up and can be placed at any location of your house. This is the 5th no. I have ordered for my friends and family. I recommend this to all for home or small office purpose.
+ My requirement goes like this. To share the fibernet internet connection to desktop, laptop, mobile and tablets in a two storey building. This product does the job nicely. There is a significant drop between multiple walls which is accepted for this price and range.  Setpup is very easy with installation CD. You can use the link tplinklogin.net from any connected device for further change in any configurations. Managing connections, change in password. parental control and many advanced futures can be done with this link.  If there requirement is for a regular house to share internet with many devices this this the device for that. It does what is expected.
+ This is a very reliable router and considering that its a 300mbps, its a bargain at the available price as compared with its competitors.  The range coverage is good, the connectivity is consistent and the setup is a cake walk. Its a no-frills hassle-free router available at a reasonable price. The range isn't as good as a Linksys one, but if there are not too many rooms to be covered and minimum obstructions, then this router works like a charm.  The only grouse is the white body color which tends to fade over time and attract dust. A black one would have been preferable, but its of no consequence once its been installed in some remote corner of the home.
+ I ordered it and got in a one day delivery. As amazon promised it was delivered in time. In a matter of two minutes i installed and working excellent. I'm getting full Wi-Fi signal in every corner of my home(1000 Sq.ft) and also its signal is piercing through the ceiling so i can even get full signal in my terrace. Excellent Working. It can also reconnect if my internet automatically. Im happy that i got this device after three days of research. I suggest you guys to get this product if you want a wireless router. If you have a larger space than 1000 Sq ft i would suggest you to get TL -WR 941 (TP link Family) and  TL- WR 1043 if you want USB storage and sharing extra.
+ I ordered TP-Link TL-WR841N 300Mbps Wireless N Router on July 8, 2015. It was delivered to me on July 13, 2015. I guess a quick and smooth delivery. Thanks Amazon! :)  Now about the product: The product was neatly packed and was in intact condition. White color and double antenna are just super cool. Installation was quick and easy, just need to put the installation CD and it will walk through the procedure. Once up, it is working smooth so far (after a month of use). Its range is great in home, I can access it from all around the home. (Can roam around the home without any trouble of losing the signal at any point of time.  Great product!!!
+ Dear Buyers, If you wish to enjoy high speed internet through wired cable you may just close your eyes and buy this wireless router.  Ian not a technical person and had taken reviews from people before I finally decided on this. The product is very light, can support 300mbps speed through wireless network. The configuration or set up is very easy and not at all time consuming.  Next is it does not consume too much of electricity. It consumes just 5 watts. Also the manufacturer provides 3 years of replacement.  I would strongly suggest high and heavy data users to buy this wireless router. You will really like it.
+ If u are looking for a router worth ur money and is in that decent price Range this is the one!! Bought it from amazon and recieved it yesterday. Very good delivery service and packaging from amazon!!! Coming to the router, configuring is grandma's job! so u need'nt worry about it. Range is DECENT(not amazing and at the same not too shabby). Both the antenna are fixed but u can rotate them so as to get the signal in which ever room u are in. The speed is verygood It is able to host many devices at once we simultaneously connected five phones along with my pc and yet the speed was decent!! Coming to the looks I would rate it 6/10 coz it doesnt look cool, and the plastic body makes it feel cheap but DONT JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER!! Well if u want the best router around the Rs1000 range this is the one so just go for it!!!!!!!
+ Okay, so... my review of this router is going to based upon what I used to use, the &#34;Belkin wireless g router&#34; and what I expected of this router in terms of the price difference and its competitors which fall within the same league (n-300 routers)  Pros - - If you are a nut for specs, yes its got all the bells and whistles like the dual 5dbi antanae's, a good amount of RAM and all that kind of stuff. - The Stock firmware has alot to offer. - Super easy to set up. - A good looking, somewhat compact router. - DD WRT firmware support - Physical Power AND wifi switch. Yes WIFI switch means you can switch off your WIFI alone while letting the router run and manage physical Lan connection. two stars for that.  Cons - - Contrary to the first point as given in the pros. I haven't really seen any great improvement with wireless coverage. That being said, i'm quite disappointed because I was expecting this router to have real good coverage. And to be honest, I'm saying no improvement over the Belkin wireless G router(A entry level router). - The notification lights are cumbersome, I need to get my face all the way right on top of it to coordinate the light indicator with its corresponding indicator(Wifi, Lan or wtr)  To Conclude This router, yes its cheaper than what you can find for most of the other N 300 rated routers which come from companies like Belkin and of its sort. It's got that nice specification chart, which will matter only to where it counts. The Wifi range was a total put off for me, and its other specification related stuff could be considered as &#34;future proofing&#34; (in case you're planning to have alot of devices connected to it someday.) This router, will be a winner for you especially if you have a lot of devices connected to it, sharing loads of data within the network. We're talking of something in the range above 200 Mb/s. Or even if you're a gamer and you like to have your friends over to have a Co op among-st yourselves, it will comfortably take the task without any glitch's because its got such a wide bandwidth.  As this router, in my experience doesn't give any significant boost of any kind with respect to the WIFI coverage. I didnt have to transfer huge lumps of data within my local network. This router was not for me. (I expected it to have a good wifi coverage) And if you fall in the same criteria, I can as sure as hell tell you that you'd be fine with the N 150.  But yes, if you have a lot of devices(Printers, Consoles, PC, smartphones etc) which will be connected and will require to both use the internet and simultaneously share loads of data within your home network. This will do you good. Especially for the price.
+ Built quality was excellent and signal coverage was not too good....but....OK. This device brags 5Dbi antennas in the specifications. So, I expected a better signal coverage. In fact the signal coverage was just as a normal single 3Dbi antenna. However, the signal bandwidth exceeded my expectations .You can connect many devices simultaneously and exchange tons of data without any issues. I was able to transfer 300GB of data from my desktop to Notebook in just 2 hours and still the device was cool and doesn't show any signs of overheating. In fact, the data transfer (300GB) should take 20-30 minutes if it was transferred at full bandwidth of the router. But, the maximum bandwidth of my PC was 100Mbps (It's a bit outdated). So you can essentially transfer data between another two pairs of devices at 100Mbps if you want to consume full bandwidth of the router.   This device is perfectly suitable for people who want to connect multiple devices to the router and use them for heavy bandwidth applications like Gaming and file transfer. If you are looking for a better device, you can go with TP-LINK TD-W8961ND Verision 2+ (Latest). This device is slightly expensive than TP-LINK TL-WR841N, but,  TD-W8961ND is modem cum router and also comes with detachable antennas. So, if future you can upgrade the antennas for better signal coverage. TP-LINK TL-WR841N comes with fixed antennas. Apart froM these there are no complaints with the device.  PLEASE NOTE THAT WI-FI RADIATION IS NOT SAFE AND KNOW TO AFFECT HEALTH IN SEVERAL WAYS, ESPECIALLY FOR PREGNANT WOMEN AND KIDS. PLEASE TURN-OFF THE WI-FI RADIO WHEN YOU ARE NOT USING ANY WIRELESS DEVICES.THIS MODEL COMES WITH A MANUAL WI-FI TURN ON/OFF BUTTON. YOU CAN SWITCH-OFF THE WI-FI RADIO AND USE IT AS A WIRED ROUTER. YOU CAN ALSO DECREASE THE SIGNAL STRENGTH TO &#34;LOW&#34; WHEN YOU ARE LOCATED VERY NEAR TO THE ROUTER TO PREVENT HARSH RADIATION.
+ A lot of people have put reviews that this very good and getting coverage all over the place in 2nd floor, ground floor etc. But that is definitely not true This does provide you good coverage in about 50M distance. What this means is that you will get very good coverage in the room which you have placed this router and it will star to decrease in other rooms as the walls hinder. But it does give same amount of speed as your wired connection. Over all for the money which you are paying for this product this is a great buy and a definitely value for money. If you are looking for really high speed routers which can give same speed in all rooms then you have to pay more and get a better one. This is for all the average home internet users like me. Reducing 1 star for the looks as it looks less attractive that the in the images displayed.
+ This is a good piece of kit for its price. It handles its base functionality with ease. Stock firmware is good on features and the browser based configuration utility was a breeze. The router is used by a family member at Kolkata to connect to Wishnet broadband (supplied by Sristi Cable). WiFi signal is good all around in a 2 bed apartment.  Quick data transfer speed test: Streamed HD content over WiFi to a 10.1 inch tablet from a DLNA Server connected to this router's LAN port. No buffering.  One aspect that swung the deal in favour of this is that this can be flashed with DD-WRT firmware in future to make available features normally seen in much higher end routers.  The following features have not been tested extensively yet. When I get a chance, this post will get an update when those are verified: * Wireless N
+ Great router at reasonable rate... working well...
+ The delivery was prompt as promised by the dealer. The product is very good and very easy to  configure. I received the product in the evening and within one hour I could make the hardware connections and configuration, and started using the WiFi. The WiFi range is very good. I stay in my separate room in 2nd floor and my house is in the 1st floor. The router is kept in my room in the 2nd floor and I could use the internet with a superb speed in my house in the 1st floor. I listen to songs from gaana.com and watch videos from YouTube sitting in my hall in the 1st floor without any lag or buffering. I am using this product from the past 4 days and till now it's performance is awesome. I strongly recommend this product to everyone. I brought this product for rs.1035 and It's the best product you could get in this price range.
+ It's a great router at this price range, I bought it for just Rs.892/- on Amazon. Earlier, I used Netgear 300mbps router and the wifi range was not so good, so I decided to buy this one and so far I am not disappointed with its performance. The wifi range of this router is much better than that of the earlier one. I placed it in ground floor of my home and getting very good connectivity speed in 1st floor as well. I'm getting 3-4 wifi signals in average everywhere in my home, which is very good indeed and I never found any connection drops as well. It's much better than other 300 mbps routers in market like Netgear, D-link etc and cheaper as well. You can go for it without thinking twice. I'm sure that you will be satisfied with this product. Thanks to Amazon for offering this nice product at this amazing price.
+ If you are looking for a Wireless router for home or small business firm you are at the rite place.Writing this review after one week of usage.Used this for 24x7 one week and without a drop issue.This was tooooooo good. .I placed this in my center room and it serves good range for my two storey building . Perfect for cable /dsl modem routing.Ip assinging is also quick.Overall the product looks perfect for a home and small businees firm. Pros: Easy setup,even a non netwroking people can easily setup. Good range. Nice and elegant look ,suits in ur drwaing room nicely. Works easily with any range extender. Cons: The LED indicators are not so bright.We might forget to turn it off ----------------------------  Product delivery from Amazon was also fast.Good seller.
+ I would give 5 Star to Amazon service. I ordered this product at 11.PM in night and second day I got the delivery. Product was packed properly. No doubt about amazon service. When rating comes to TP Link wifi router. Quality is good. Have not come across any problem so no idea about after sale service from TP-Link. if I face any problem during warranty period that time I will come to know how well they serve the customer. Some time I think I face problem in eyes might be because of strong frequency from router when I surf on mobile continuously for more then half an hour. I am not sure about this. I have not faced this problem when I used to surf net on telecom network. I would recommend before buying this product just confirm this with any expert then go for it. This might be harmful for children.
+ Amazed with the delivery time...one day booking is the best provided option! :)  packing is decent and pretty good...waiting to have my internet connection active soon..!!! even my friends have this router...its awesome!!! provides a very good network range!!! (y) :)
+ Been using this router for over 3 months and let me assure you, it is a steal for the price they offer. At 900 if u can get a double antenna, upto 300 mbps, N-band router that provides good coverage and an overall decent amount of stability and durability, what more can u ask for? My house is approx 550sqft and the range stays at 5bars constantly. I've known of a couple of my friends having the same router and they stay in bigger 2 and 3-bhks. Still the signal never drops below 3 or 4 bars. That's pretty good at this price if u ask me. Barely 5-6 signal drops in all in these few months of use. I can live with that. Amazon delivery was speedy as usual. Received it in less than 2 days even on normal delivery. Which was one day before the estimated delivery date. Keep it up Amazon.
+ I have purchased TP-Link TL-WR841N on 14th Feb and this is an awesome product from TP-Link for daily user. The device is just what you need. Great coverage and speed of connecting to this device is just no match with others.  Pros:- - Nice product with quality product. - Simple to install by CD or TP link website (I preferred to use CD) - LED is good and not irritating even at night. - All required instructions for easy setup are provided. - Given 4 LAN ports which is more than sufficient. - It can also be used as range extender and working perfectly with it's two antennas, - Very secured device and web based utility does a good job in controlling the router. - 3 Years Replacement Warranty  Cons:- No issues as such.
+ Very good product.  We have 3 bhk house, wifi is accessible from all the corner of the house. if provider has low signal. Then this device has no control on it. Maybe thats why few people feel low signal.. I do suggest this device. Value for money. Worth buying....
+ Here are my reviews for the product  Pros: 1.Range is great,I have a 1300 sq.ft flat and the signal bar drops by one when in the farthest room. 2.Easy setup it took me just 3 minutes to get it working 3.Link speed is fast at 300 megabits/second  Cons: 1.The power adapter produces a high frequency sound when plugged in.Its not that much noticeable. 2.Amazon's delivery (I know this isnt about the product) it took 5 days to get here as the delivery failed on the first attempt.One thing I would like to say to amazon is please deliver the products before 7 pm as mine was delivered at 8:46.  Summary: Go for it,its a great budget wifi router PS: you need a modem for all those noobs out there
+ I wasn't able to play ashphalt 8 multiplayer on a computer, I tried to upgrade my internet package that didn't solve it, but then I found out about this and set it up, it served the purpose really well. The setup was a bit complicating though, I had to clone my mac address in order to complete the setup, it was just not getting right at the start, after few tries and searching on the internet, I set it up online through their TP link IP address and got it to work by cloning the mac address and adding my PPOE broadband information. I've tried connecting up to 2 phones and 1 laptop over wi-fi at the same time, easily detects them all and is password protected. So I liked it, thanks. <a class='a-link-normal' href='/TP-LINK-TL-WR841N-300Mbps-Wireless-N-Router/dp/B001FWYGJS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8'>TP-LINK TL-WR841N 300Mbps Wireless N Router</a>
+ Well I would recommend this router to everyone. 1. The range is excellent for a router at this price range compared to its counter parts from other brands. 2. It provides you the feature of WDS bridging which the other routers do not provide. (Although you can attain it in other routers finding some indirect long ways) 3. Provides you remote management of your router. Since I have static ip, it's extremely useful for me. (You can attain it by forwarding ports in other routers too but it has a direct feature). 4. Assurance of the brand TP Link. 5. I liked the concept of the WiFi button through which you can shut down WiFi broadcast whenever you want. In other routers, you need to login to admin panel and do the same.
+ With a promised delivery time of 5 days from Amazon, I received it well within 2 days. As usual, simple & effective packaging by Amazon. Setting up the router was a breeze and my WiFi was up & running within 10 minutes. The web interface is easy to access and guides to each section is provided in a separate pane on right side of the browser window. This makes it (a bit) easy to understand any configuration items that one doesnt know about.  The signal strength is quite good. Even two bedrooms away separated by 3 walls, I usually get 2-3 bars. Once I even stepped out my house and got a single bar 30 feet away. On my ACT broadband, I receive very pleasing high speed downloads with this router. Overall, a very good value for money.
+ The best router for Rs.1k. If you're looking for a wifi router for Rs.1000, this is the best product in the market. I have been using it for almost a month now and I never faced any connectivity issue. The router is able to cover my entire house which is around 1500 sqft but the coverage basically depends on how strategically the router is placed. We have placed the router in our dining area which is the center of our house and we are able to get full signal for all the rooms in our house. If you're using the router in multiple floors, then place it near to the ceiling at the center of your house to get the best signal in both the floors.This is the Best router and Cloudtail from Amazon has always given the best product
+ Excellent product in its price range. There are similar products available internationally, but obviously slightly expensive. Great range, covers about 30 feet, sometimes more! Walls are a deterrent though, which is the case with any router. Go for it
+ Internet can be accessed throughout the home (around 800 sqft area). Even if the doors are closed and router is obstructed by walls. No complaints as of now. And hope there will be no complaints in the future also.
+ Well thanks to amazon for the packaging it was graeat and the price for which it i got @900 was a steal. Lets talk about router as its was my first i was worried too, but it didn't disappointed me setup was too easy the router range is good, i live in a 720 sqfeet house and its available everywhere and even if i have to use it outside i just have to adjust the antennas and my work is done. Its been 3 months and i am satisfied with the product thanks
+ The product is as good as it says on the box. The range of this router is pretty good (lets say 2-3 house) if you are living n duplex. Overall TP Link is the best router than othes that i have used. You should go for this product. And the last i am grateful to Amazon for there good delivery timing n product packaging; it was upto expectations.
+ I ordered this product on Monday, and on Wednesday Amazon delivered it, which is great. Everything is good with this product. Only thing I figured out is the range of wifi signal coverage with this router is lesser, though this has two antennas. My previous DLink wireless router which I was using for more than 7 years, was having single antenna and it could cover good range of 20 meters across multiple concrete floors and through cemented walls, but here with TP-LINK TL-WR841N, the signal reception when compared to DLink does not come near. In my apartment I don't get signals if I step away for more than 10 meters - with hardly a wall in between. Using Linux, connecting to wifi worked like a charm. As internet speeds gets better and better, with some providers providing more than 60Mbps, older routers won't adapt to the internet providers speed. Buying a 300Mbps would be futuristic. Certainly this product is worth for money.
+ First of all talking abt Product Delivery Service it was Supperb nxt day delivery wid out any xtra pay by TigerRetail seller. gud work.  after 15 dayz im write dis product Review  Pros - Small n Compact Design - Not Heated after 15 dayzz of continous use router not heated. - easy installation wid out any hassle. - wifi on off n wps button for easy access. - additional features are damn good. - Wifi range iz prety good for 2bhk.  Cons - as far as we are talking abt wifi range it iz not according to myexpectation. wid d use of single antena router are same as double antena some times. - ethernet cable is comparitively really small. - not more cons found yet waiting for it.  Hope My review helps to you all to make correct decision. but according to me at this affordable price range you can buy this product as early as possible. thanks
+ Bought this based on its sales rank and the review comments posted by people here. However, when I connected it to my network, the wifi did not work. The devices would connect, but cannot browse. The issue has been reported in many sites. So, I packed it back to return. But I wanted to give it a last try.  My set up includes an Apple Timecapsule at the primary router that connects to my ACT Fibernet 60mbps network. It gets a 192.168.0.1 ip address. Unfortunately the same IP is used by this router too, but with a twist. It changes to 192.168.1.1 if it detects a gateway. With this auto config, things seemed to fail. I changed the IP to 192.168.2.1 and I could successfully get connected to the internet. Ideally I would have a loved a bridge mode that does a piggy back to the other routers. There is no such option in this. I got version 9 of the hardware and according to many it does not support DD-WRT firmware.
+ Got this after my Belkin N150 developed some problems after almost 2 years! For the starters it is a bang for the buck, for less than a 1000 Rupees it gives you a dual antenna, and the range is good too! However the prices is reflected in the build quality, which is not bad but does feel cheap! The plastic used is not as premium and also the antennas are loosely connected and not as sturdy as they should be! But its a router and creating a WLAN is what it does great! The setup is super easy and it also gives you advanced manual setup options, and full access to control the device and all the required options! Also comes with a LAN cable that is long enough! I use it with 4-5 devices and it doesn't get strained and functions as smooth as it should, and I get a speed of around 25 Mbps over the WLAN which is same as a direct LAN connection! A great option, value for money and easy setup makes it a great buy!
+ Range is not that good. I have 2 bhk flat. Signal gets weak as soon as go to last room which is only 8 meter away from the place I have router.  Easy to set up. Just download tp link app from apple or google store and u are ready to go. Amazon is blazing fast I got the product within 1 day with  normal delivery.
+ very good router with very good range and easy setup. I am using it with my ACT broadband, it works completely fine.
+ I wasn't getting a good wifi speed on original firmware.while download torrent i was only getting 500kB/s.Then i connected my laptop with this router through Ethernet cable and the speed increased to 2.2MB/s. But after upgrading to OpenWrt firmware everything is working fine.    -TL-WR841N v10 User
+ First of all, the packaging was impressive and I received my device before the delivery date mentioned. Kudos to the seller! But as typical in an online purchase, the warranty card with the date of purchase sealed was not included.  Coming to the device... it's been just a few days I have started using the device and I haven't faced any issues. Indeed not supposed to because it's too early. Regarding the range and signal strength, I find it excellent inside my 1500 sq.ft. 3BHK flat.  The setup was also a breeze. But for my internet connection through cable, I have to change the WAN connection type to PPPoE from the default set Dynamic IP, which in fact was easy to do. You have to just select &#34;PPPoE&#34; for the field &#34;WAN Connection Type&#34; present under Network &#62; WAN page and enter your username and password. After configuring the values, it's very convenient to work in WIFI mode and you won't be prompted to enter your username and password every time.  As suggestions to the manufacturer, they can support their default automatic setup for cable internet connection as well. By this way, non tech savvy users will find it easy to configure or else they have to depend with their ISP people or seek elsewhere. Also, they can focus on the hardware's aesthetics along the lines of minimalistic principles. Cisco's base Linksys' models are worth emulating.
+ Excellent service and great buying experience from Amazon.  I bought this router specifically to install and run the DD-WRT firmware and will focus on that aspect in my review.  This model is TL-WR841N v7.2 and is compatible with DD-WRT (the model on the DD-WRT website you need to look for TL-WR841ND v7.0; the &#34;D&#34; suffix just means the antennas are detachable in that variant and hardware-wise there is no difference between v7.0 and v7.2)  While multiple firmware options are available for Broadcom chipsets, this particular router is based on an Atheros chipset and variety is limited. But the available variety is feature packed and a lot of documentation is available in the Wiki & Forums.  If you want to install DD-WRT, just make sure you read through the instructions very carefully before you start the process. I just followed the instructions there and got the firmware working on first try. Currently configured it as a WiFi repeater and everything works satisfactorily.  Considering the price I paid, this is an excellent device once you have DD-WRT installed. I have features that even routers from Linksys & Netgear don't have on their stock consumer routers.
+ he router TL-WR841N from TP-Link is just an awesome piece of technology at cheapest rate one can imagine. There are a no. of 300N Wifi routers but compared to the price and reliability it is a winner. I've been using it for the past 3 months and the following are my findings about the router:  Pros:- - Good looking & compact router. - Super easy to set up. - Web based utility does a good job in controlling the router. - All required instructions for easy setup are provided. - The Stock firmware has a lot to offer. - DD WRT firmware support (Just Google 'DD WRT' for details). However, I was unable to use the feature as DD WRT firmware for V9 is not available. Also it voids warranty. - Physical Power AND Wi-Fi switch present. Which means you can switch off your WIFI alone while letting the router run and manage physical LAN connection. - 4 LAN ports present. - It can also be used as range extender. - Has 2 non-detachable antennas for boosting Wi-Fi. I've installed the router in 1st floor and get 1-2 bars in ground & 2nd floor and just outside on the road. Also my tab shows 1 bar while on the roof top of my 3 storey building. So, its coverage is good to average. Data/Internet speed has little effect on the available no. of bars. - It can share loads of data via Wi-Fi & LAN network. I had successfully converted my tab into Wi-Fi virtual keyboard, mouse & gamepad/joystick. - Wall mounting can also be done.
+ The router TP-LINK TL-WR841N 300Mbps Wireless N Router is an awesome router that one can imagine. I've been using it for the past 1 month and the following are my findings about the router:  Pros:- - 3 Years Warranty. - Great looks and Compact router. - Easy to set up. - All required instructions for easy setup are provided. - Firmware can be upgraded from net. - Physical Power AND Wi-Fi switch present. Which means you can switch off your WIFI alone while letting the router run and manage physical LAN connection. - 4 LAN ports present. - 1 RJ45 Port is present. - It can also be used as range extender.  Its range is great enough. I put it on ground floor and I can receive signal from my third floor but the signal is weak there. Its about 1 Bar out of 5 Bars and in ground floor its full 5 Bars mean signal : Very Strong!  Overall experience is great with it and Packaging too and it comes with a 3 Years Warranty.  Thank you!
+ Excellent Router with DD-WRT Support. As usual service was awesome from Amazon. But this time it took about 10 days to deliver. I can understand as I purchased this during Diwali and lighting deals.  I bought this router specifically to install and run the DD-WRT firmware and will focus on that aspect in my review. This model is TL-WR841N v8.  If you want to install DD-WRT, just make sure you read through the instructions very carefully before you start the process. I just followed the instructions there and got the firmware working on first try. Currently configured it as a WiFi repeater and everything works satisfactorily.  Considering the price I paid, this is an excellent device once you have DD-WRT installed. I have features that even routers from Linksys & Netgear don't have on their stock consumer routers.  The Wifi range is exceptional. As this comes with a 5dbi antennas. I had no issues with a 1200sqt house and managed to get a connection on every room.
+ Router overall seems good. But my earlier router Dlink DI 524 was similar. I was expecting improvement in range and stability. Range is marginally better but same as that of dlink for all practical purposes, as it keeps fluctuating.  Stability does not seem to be great either. At some locations, router configuration page would not open even when there is single bar range. At times my laptop is unable to connect to router but other devices could connect. I dont know who is at fault here, laptop or router. But overall performance is similar to Di 524, in spite of having two 5dbi antennas, with n band and all those jazz words. N band might help if LAN has significant traffic.  Configuration is simple and good. At some point of time advance features like, bandwidth control, WDS bridging or access rules would surely help.  Overall, dont fall for all the jazz words like 5 dbi antennas, dual antennas etc This may not be upgrade to your good ol router, so choose ONLY IF your old router has stopped working.
+ This wifi router offers good value for money. Since TPLINK is not a among the top brands for routers the hardware quality is not comparable to Netgear or Sysco .  But in terms of performance and functionality its as good as some of the top branded models available at a much higher price. It covers a good range ,I am able to get decent signal in all parts of my house though the signal strength is much stronger near the router and drops as you increase the range. I found the WIFI speed is only a 0.5 mbps weaker that the DSL speed if connected from a close range.  One point of note is this not a ADSL router,so if you are connected through a telephone(MTNL,BSNL) line therefore using a modem you might consider models which have in-built modem so you dont need a separate modem to connect.If you are getting a direct digital signal(DSL) from your local provider this router is the right choice to set up your WIFI network.  Setting up the router is not difficult at all if the right steps are followed which ironically not available in the installation manual. If you happen to connect to internet by an authentication step though your providers log-in screen the router needs to be configured first .You can do it by following the steps bellow.... 1 : Type 192.168.0.1 on your web browser address bar 2 : Once the router configuration screen appears click on &#34;Quick Setup&#34; 3 : Go to IP address config section in the mobile device/laptop/desktop pc and note down the IP,Subnet Mask and DNS address 4 : Delete the details noted in the previous step and switch to dynamic mode from your browsing device. 5 : On the Easy setup wizard provide the same details noted in step 3 6 : Provide a name/password for your wifi in the appropriate wizard screen 7 : Restart the router and check to find your wifi network on your browsing device.  Although there is a customer support number available on the packet its after many attempts i was able to get through and get some technical support.  Overally barring the hassles i faced to setup the router in the absence of complete set-up manual this router seems like a good buy . Considering mostly the positive reviews from other buyers along with my own experience so far I recommend you give this a try.
+ Easy installation and Awesome range - Total value for Money  Placed the order with seller SHOPPING KART on Saturday, 23rd Aug 2014 in late afternoon and got the product on Monday, 25th Aug 2014 early morning. This is lightening delivery at NO extra cost. Amazon's most competitive price coupled with lightening delivery makes it the best online shopping mall.  The TP LINK WR 841 N wireless router is a beauty and it was out and running in 5 min stat. The configuration setup is too easy - connect Router with the cables to the modem and laptop and just run the easy assistant setup from the CD provided with the product.  Range is beyond awesome. I am getting 4 signal bars upto last room of the 2200 square feet apartment which is across four 18 inch thick walls. The range also covers my terrace where i am getting 4 signal bars bars and also 3 signal bars on the ground floor (Router is placed on second floor)  This TP LINK WR 841 N router is the latest version 9.0 and till date will NOT support the DD-WRT firmware which is OpenSource firmware that can unleash other feature not supported by the STOCK firmware provided by TP LINK. Anyways till the time my warranty with be over i guess DD-WRT will be supporting Version 9x also  More indepth review after the product is tested deeply. maybe do a video review !
+ Packing and Hardware  Though listing says its V8, i received latest V9. Not only was i excited but also amazed with packing - TP-Link Original Plastic Sealed Packed.  Firmware TP-Link has already a firmware update. Update was really simple and straight forward. Minor issues with first firmware was resolved and works flawlessly now. Unlike D-Link, TP-Link releases regular firmware updates. Its actually firmware updates which controls performance of hardware and any company with regular release cycle is preferred.  Performance 01. Excellent wireless signal at five bars about 5-7 feet with wall in between! 02. No abrupt restarts or any heating issue. 03. 03 Year Warranty where as other brands offer 1 year limited warranty. Only good company with confidence in their product will offer this else. 04. TP-Link Routers have never had any issues. I have seen several routers with few of my friends using and no one is disappointed.
+ Read full review to understand. *******************************************  I'm using this Router for about 1 year. Really worth for buying. Best product in low price, while MRP is 2799 or 2800  1. Easy to set-up connection with CD & guide within the pack.(selecting mac clone option let me set-up without any help) 2. Compatible with All ISP. 3. Enough Security options(Huge if you use) for WiFi & RJ45 (LAN/Ethernet). 4. Coverage space is very long. 5. After 2-3 Walls(rooms or floors), you will then get only 2 or 3 bar of signal strength, but Connection is Very Good even if you get 2 bars in signal. 6. I think it's best in Lower Cost than all other products. 7. Can't remember if any fault found, Just kidding.   .......... Still No fault found. 8.Just White colour shows dirtier.  You should go for this.  click/tap  YES  to help the buyers like you & me, If you found my review helpful. You may give comment if you like. ***********************************************
+ *** I have tested it. Simple User Interface and easy to work it out. *** Ultra compact design and secured connection *** Supports ad-hoc (client-client) and infrastructure (AP-client) mode
+ i bought this product through Amazon. 1. Shipping is very good, i have received my product in 2 days!. 2. Product is good! Working as like a pen drive just connect  and it will show you the wireless networks available. 3. No installation required however an installation cd came with my product. 4. Small and good looking. 5. Special softwares also provided for win, mack and linex. The only issue which we can face is its about its support and service because there is no service centre of Tenda in India! Otherwise good product!
+ OP(over powered) device.. finally now I can connect my PC wirelessly with my Wi-Fi .. and I'm able to connect it with LED.. Great Gaming experience I check the pings &  delay.. It is almost like LAN cable.. for me its 11ms constant.. you can check your ping. by type command in run window which is &#60;&#60; ping 8.8.8.8 -t &#62;&#62;.. for gamers who want to play online games in LED.. this is perfect device.. Compact in size, no delay, I got this in 2 days after I ordered it.. great service by amazon.. Many thanks..
+ Hi, i have struggled and tried many ways,before buy this adapter for internet connection to my desktop. I am sure this is one of the best ways for using internet from any devices like mobile, hotspot devices and Wifi data card to desktop.. I am using my samsung 3G mobile hotspot for connecting to net. Its more then enough for browsing, downloading and watching youtube videos without buffering. Advantages. 1.plug and connect 2.Fast response for connection 3.low price
+ i bought this USB adapter as i didn't had WiFi in my home but a broadband connection through wired modem. i was saving for wireless modem worth 5000 from dlink but needed a wireless connection for my android device so i bought it and it served my purpose pretty well  INSTALLATION-believe me you have to do nothing just install the disc provided with product and you're ready to go.you can use mhotspot for creating hotspot after installing the drivers cd  .SIGNAL there was no speed drop and i received same speed as i receive in my PC.range was also fine and i was also catching signal on first floor of my house although signal is only 1 bar but that is expected from a usb adapter and keeping its small size in mind the range is pretty good.  ALSO i got decent range with this adapter but let me warn you the signal strength depends house to house. so it may happen it might not give the range i'am getting at your home.  WARRANTY THERE ARE NO SERVICE CENTER OF TENDA IN INDIA AND I'AM PRETTY MUCH SURE THAT NO ONE IS GOING TO SHIP THIS PRODUCT TO CHINA IF IT FAILS SO IF YOU ARE CONCERNED ABOUT WARRANTY THEN BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK SHARING MY EXPERIENCE IT'S WORKING FINE FOR THE LAST 6 MONTH'S  PLEASE CLICK ON YES TAB GIVEN BELOW IF YOU FOUND THIS REVIEW HELPFUL
+ One of the most fine and innovative product ever seen. I have been using this product everyday from the last 3 months. Pros: Hardly gets heated even after using it for 4 to 5 hours Connection stays stable no glitch at all Plug and Play - No further software installation is require ( using win 8.1 )  I could not find a con, but its too small, I used to forget where I left this, So to avoid that, I finally insterted it permenantly so no hassles at all.
+ Very good product in good price, yes it is a good buy for sure, it have data transmission indicator LED and a small push button WPS switch also (those features only available in expensive adapters), it is small in size but works really good. It is very much convenient to carry as it have protective cap and very much compatible with all type of systems like desktop or laptop, also works great on all operating systems. Finally data transmission speed is better than expected.
+ product having 3 year warranty makes this device a champ. very good wifi range. i connect my PC with my Wifi modem with out any problem!!!
+ I had to download the software from the internet to get it started.  However, thereafter, there is no cause for any complaint.  The software with the product was not uptodate.  Hence the trouble.  It is only for this reason that I did not give 5 star.  The Computer engineer helped me.  If anyone is not upto date with computers, they will find it difficult and would not know what is the problem.  Hence I did not give a 5star rating.
+ Small, fast and reliable wireless usb adapter as I have not used any usb wifi earlier so first impression with Tenda is fantastic... I am using in Windows 7 connecting remotely my windows pc with Mac Air where it works fine and fulfils my basic needs with no issues.  Provided driver with utility is good and easy to use.  I recommend Tenda W311M and thanks to Amazon for bringing such products online.
+ Awesome device and easily installed on windows 8.1 and also on linux easily detected without need for software installation.Slim and small compact design makes it really easy to setup and use.nice device by tenda and fast delivery by amazon.Nice service.
+ Works just as you would expect it. Doesn't need installations on Win 8.1 but have to install drivers on Windows 7 and MacOSX.  The receiver strength is not so great at a distance or if you plan to use it across rooms. I bought it to permanently attach to my PC and had to use an USB extension cable to lift it above obstacles and get good strength.  I got it at AmazonDeals@169 and works perfectly for my purpose.
+ Works like a charm! My laptop's internal wifi adapter was heating a lot so I removed it. Now bought this usb wifi adapter for my Windows 10 laptop. It works like a charm. No need to install even driver from CD. Just plug it and bam! It working.
+ I am editing my review 3rd time now.so friends I want to warn u about it poor driver and software support. If u are using 1)Windows 10 latest version = Don't buy it for even 10rs 2) windows 7= Buy it without a second thought, it works awesome.
+ this makes your non Wi-Fi pc  wireless and u can run internet very smoothly without any lag. product is nice at this price point. Very is  installation. used it to download 1 or 2gb movies hd without any disconnection without any speed  reduction.
+ Bought the product in of those Amazon's Amazing deals at Rs285. Tried it on Windows 7 and working fine, no problem As instructed used the provided CD and followed the instruction. So Windows 7 desktop is now accessing the net wirelessly.
+ u can connect your system to your modem without lan cable , very simple to use , just connect like u connect a pendrive , install the software from cd  which comes along with product  , like in laptop u can see your modem , just connect and enjoy
+ Very nice thing in this range. In market these type of adapter are very costly. It works fine on my core 2 duo processer having windows XP. I am using internet from my ASUS Zenphone by switching on the Hotspot . and it works fine on my computer
+ Works good with my Raspberry pi running archlinux ARM , and around 3mBps transfer over WiFi . Its small and handy and was working out of the box without drivers on archLinux and windows 8.1 pro. And with a price of 250 bucks it was a steal .
+ Thanks tech guru for mediatek link, people who wants to make their pc(wired internet) as wifi hotspot just download mediatek link shared by tech guru on q&a section, i also tried tenda wifi utility software buts it does'nt worked on my pc,
+ Using this as a wifi receiver for an old pc. Works like a charm. Very good strength in signal reception. My router is almost 50 meters away from the pc. Overall and excellent product for the price I paid of Rs.289 including shipping. Helped me in not throwing away my pc due to lack of wifi.
+ Its nice n small in size. does the job just fine, but not very strong. my phone on same table catches better signal than this. This is small and can be used with a USB extender to reach out to that better corner of the room, So u can make use of it, and considering the price, its worth it.
+ works great!!. the speed of internet it recieves is well enough. The recieving distance probably depends on the Wifi modem you are using..  I am using a floor above from my device.. and i get good strength on the receiver. Good this few weeks back.. Wish its span to be years.. Hope it is..
+ Nice Product..  @279 Rs i bought it and if your wifi not working on Lappy this is very nice to use this Wireless USB Adapter.  I am using this form my PC.  Works perfectly.. Range is also good.. For 1 BHK living home this is an nice product.  Thanks
+ I bought this on diwali offer rs199. Good perfomance. I use this only for file transfer from my desktop to android phone through shareit app. I never used it for internet sharing. But the range i get for shareit is not that much good. Approx. 15 feet. At this price a very good product.
+ I bought this product last month. Till now haven't face any problem. The thing which I liked most about this product is its &#34;AP+Station&#34; mode in Windows 7. Though in AP mode transmission range is not that good, but I guess this is okay for a device without any external antenna.
+ Awesome Product good range works perfectly on windows 8.1 pro 64bit. You can easily hotspot your smartphone and connect to pc via this wifi dongle. I am using this product since 4 months from now and i found no problems so far. this is the best dongle you can get in this price range..
+ got it for 285 rupees. worth every rupee. works like a breeze in windows 8.1, good speed and reception.  has soft AP function so that u can share u wired broadband connection wirelessly. extremely satisfied with product and amazon. packing and shipping was superb.
+ got for 299/- at lightning deal.. using for 2 weeks as of now.. very good performance.. no glitches at all..  NB: using 512 kbps unlimited connection n my pc is only abt 6 feet away from the router.. im obtaining the theoretical maximum speed of the internet connection
+ I bought this to connect my desktop to internet via wi-fi, didn't wanted to connect via lan anymore. All I had to do was just plug the adapter, and the driver was intalled by itself (happens only in windows 8.1 & maybe 7 as well). Haven't checked the signal strength yet.
+ Awesome adapter ... Works with Ubuntu 12 and 14 without any configuration ... My wireless router is in first floor .. This small adapter gives me 3 to 4 points strength for signal from ground floor.. Which is very good Only con, the size could have been little small.
+ works like a charm. This tiny little thing covers my 6 gadgets flawlessly and provides enough coverage in my room with high speed wifi. Amazing product from such a reputed brand. Thanks amazon for a lighning fast delivery and Tenda for such a cute little thing!
+ This one has pleased me too much because I can experience faster surfing in my PC. And it's working fine. I just switch on the hotspot in my mobile, and I enjoy faster net surfing in my PC because of this  Tenda WiFi receiver. So don't think much. Best buy @Rs.300/-
+ writing review after 3 month use Most helpful device. one must have it. i have laptop and wifi connection but my laptop wifi drivers were missing so i connected tenda wireless usb adaptor and my wifi connection established and able to download drivers for the same.
+ One of the best products out there. I got it @ less than Rs 300/- during the sale. It works seamlessly after installing the drivers from the CD provided. All you need to do is, connect it and relax and enjoy the best speed you get from your Wifi device in your PC.
+ Excellent priduct. Speed is awesome. As it shows 150 mbps on box and this product is generating same and constant speed. I brought this product for 368/- and its worth of it. They give a driver cd which is very nice. Or else u can download driver from internet.
+ It works great. and very easy to install. Now I am connecting my mobile network easily to my PC to browse internet. First you need to install the software which comes with this device. And then it starts working. Superb product, don't hesitate. Go for it..
+ Biggest advantage - Convert your desktop (without WI-FI) into a WI-FI enabled machine in no time. just plug and play!!! Second Advantage - Save all the mess(and cost) of wired networking throughout the house and enable all the devices on wireless network.
+ awesome product its working perfectly in windows 8.1 without problem (y)
+ Product is different from the image shown here. But, it's working perfectly without any issue. Easy installation. Not too good but useful ((signal strength). finally just go for it when the distance between your wireless router and your computer is short.
+ Using it for my desktop PC. My router is almost 40-50 feet away from my desktop. I was skeptical about the range before buying it but was amazed to see such seamless connectivity. Device is small and pretty. Installation is quick and easy. Follow what others have said and don't install the &#34;Tenda Wireless Utility Software&#34;. Its redundant.
+ The is a very basic device, the performance is better than I expected. Installation is very easy and would recommend this to everyone. There is no sense in buying those expensive adapters from Cisco or Belkin, this works fine. **IMP: this is only an entry level, basic device. This will NOT perform well for heavy usage/professional usage.
+ Good Product..  Still no trouble with it.. Works in both  Linux and Windows.. Good data transfer rate.. Just copied some. Files to my mobile with xender application and i got an average speed of 4MB/s..! The Notification LED is verry useful.. Coz We can easily ensure that the device is currently active or not..!   
+ This small adapter does the work and it has decent range too. Those who do not want the mess of wires, this is an ideal choice. I have been suing for a week and no problems so far in it working. Time will tell as to its durability.  This is a lesser known company, but the product is in line with the costly products available.
+ Worth it! My PC doesn't have WiFi feature. I had to connect an ether net cable from my WiFi router to the PC to access internet. The extra ether net cable given to me was very short. That was annoying me. I had to change my router's position everytime I need internet on my PC.  So I bought this wonderful item. It's working very well
+ You can make your PC wireless with this. It's effective solution for a safe and stable network and Speed is also very fine.  till now my experience has been good with it. i am very much satisfied with it
+ Wifi Speed is good even 2g data also. if hotspot given whould be the Plus. I always use it to connect my Smart phone 2g, 3g data to my PC wireless. I am using my Smart phone camera as Web camera through this wifi connection. Amazing...  Thanks to amazon for unkown good products showing out.
+ I am using this in my desktop PC. Easy installation and it gives good wifi speed too to my PC
+ works very fine as you would expect it, for old desktop this product is like medicine no need to install additional driver it's automatically install it and configure it,  even it works fine with Linux OS (ubuntu,Linux mint, etc.) but has only on drawback it's speed which is tittle less than pre-installed wifi adopter
+ Product is good. Working on XP as receiver and transmitter (AP mode). some other products work only on win7 OR win8 as AP mode.so it is good option. purchased from audiocurve which is not under amazon fulfilled so that delivry through Bluedart. rs425/ include shipping , sidewise range is low. .
+ I had problem with my Laptop WiFi adapter and didn't want to repair. So I searched for USB WiFi adapter with average price and good performance and found Tenda W311M on Amazon. I have been using this small piece of digital device since last 2 months and got stunned with it's performance. It even captures the mobile hotspot on 2G with quality speed. Guys its the perfect wireless USB adapter for this price range.
+ Excellent product...Delivered before estimated time...come to performance it is working well without any  frequency disturbance..it does not require any driver installation on licensed win8..just plug and play window will automatically detect it..i m using this product since 3 day continously 3-4hours network speed is stable..so guys I would recommend this product...Thanks Amazon
+ I bought this adapter as my new HP laptop was creating problem while running Ubuntu 14.04. As my wifi card is RTL8723BE, it wasn't working properly. This usb adapter was the perfect solution. Easy plug and play, no need to install additional driver for it in Ubuntu. The only issue I found was the range but it can be neglected as i was getting no wifi with the laptop's adapter.
+ It works amazing.  Pros: * The range is good as it claims * Speed is excellent * Got detected immediately in Linux (Tested on Ubuntu, Fedora & Mint) * Can be put into monitor mode * Can work as access point  Cons: * gets slightly heated after some time  Overall performance is excellent, better than I have expected.
+ Great product at unbelievable price. thanks Amazon for such an awesome deal. As far as package and delivery is concerned one have to admire Amazon for it 5star service as always. Tenda wireless USB adapter is working fine for my Laptop with windows8, though a cd is provided in the box  but it was not needed. A must buy for those whose Laptop does not have in build wifi.
+ I love it. Because it is very small in size & performs very good. Installed in my office PC & works very fine.  Also the delivery was by Speed Post which is the best mode of Shipping by Amazon. Delivered it to me within 4 Days & always delivered everything within 3-4 days ; but other courier services deliver in more than 8 days & don't deliver at Door step.
+ I bought this adapter for my 4G network of Jionet. The speed of the network in my mobile as tested by speedtest.net was about 30 mbps. After installing this adapter in pc, I got a speed of only about 2-3 mbps. The speed decreased. Also, it gets disconnected from the network sometimes. But if you are looking for cheap adapters, then go for it!
+ Got this for 199 on deal..  Tenda is a global brand.. And many says there is no service center in India..But There is a customer care number given on the Box..( may be that will help) comes with 3Yrs. Warranty.. Installation is easy.. And  performance is excellent.. One must go fr it..  If finding a customer care in respective area is not an issue.
+ Bought it for my Raspberry Pi2 (1 GB version). It worked right out of the box with Ubuntu-mate. On NOOBS it is not getting detected. May be I need to tweak NOOBS a little to get it work. The signal strength is quite good (Comfast CF-WU810N V2.0 was pathetic that I had to return it the same day I got it). Have not tried other distros.
+ I brought this product for my rapberry pi 2 and it works out of the box. There is no need to install or modify any configurations just plug and play.The overall quality of the product is good. Prior to this i brought comfast wifi dongle and it was pathetic. I was  bit sceptical  when i ordered  this one but in end it turned out be the best choice.
+ Great product have been using it for 6 months Bang for the buck i would say Stock Batteries which i got with them are still working really exceeded the limit they claim I mean yeah they said 3 months for the mouse and 6 for the keyboard. It has been 6 months and batteries on my mouse are still working and the keyboard batteries would last a year at this rate. I use this kit at my home so they claimed thier limit for office use but yeah that is the battery life i am getting from these in home use I used this kit for playing far cry 4 from the beginning i did ended the game without changing batteries. I play alot of games like Call of duty, Far cry 3, Hitman, prince of persia 4 , Tekken 5 and more, it is quite more than a home user would use his keyboard and mouse. Batteries on these really last long man and they come with alkaline batteries so don't expect the same battery back up with cheap lead batteries. I really bought a 8 pack of duracell for the kit after 3 months i guess but i really didn't get to change the batteries since then
+ This is my first experience with Amazon.in and It was quite good. I wanted to buy this product so I searched every single website and app like flipkart, snapdeal and paytm. Finally I came on amazon.in Comparing to other sites, the price is very much less.  I was told that the product will reach on 8th of june but the product reached 3days before. When I asked the delivery guy that I would like to open the box and check the product before making payment. To my surprise, he politely said okk sir you can, and if anything goes wrong I will accept this product back. I checked the box and everything was in place with appropriate packing.  Now comes the best part, Delivery guy had machine So easily I made the payment with my debit card.  It's a good product . It's a combo so only one port is being used . Range is good. Only problem is that the keyboard is smaller than your laptop or pc's keyboard.  So initial 2-3 days will be uncomfortable but you will adapt after 3-5 days. It's a logitech product so I don't need to worry at all.  Yes I would recommend this product to my friends. Go for it guys.
+ Pros: Keyboard is sturdy, small form factor. Pre-defined volume control keys. Function keys can be customized using Logitech SetPoint software. Full sized mouse with invisible optics. Customizable mouse middle button (via SetPoint). No visible LEDs in mouse or keyboard to save battery. High DPI mouse, better that cheaper wired variants. Relatively longer battery life, as compared to other brands. Highly suitable for students, internet users, casual gamers. Saves desktop space.  Cons: Mouse battery cover is a little loose. Cover opens up when is used on rough surfaces, like on fabrics or rough denims. Both mouse and keyboard lacks on/off switch. Battery is to be removed to turn off mouse or keyboard. No status indicator LEDs on keyboard. SetPoint software is to be installed for OSD and battery level indication. The keys at the edges (function keys and arrow keys) are too crammed. Not suitable for heavy use or hard-core gaming.
+ I have been using this set for more than an year now, and the keyboard has been my daily driver since then. It's extremely compact, and really lightweight, hence easy to carry around. Although, that compactness comes with a price you have to pay with an unconventional keyboard layout that isn't exactly so comfortable. But I have already got accustomed to it now, so I can use it without any issues.  The key travel seems to have placed somewhere between that of a laptop keyboard and a conventional full-size keyboard. Hence it gives commendable feedback, and is extremely comfortable.  But I find the mouse uncomfortable to use. It isn't grippy and isn't that ergonomic. Besides, the scroll wheel button feels too hard. Instead, I have been using the Logitech M185 for the past 6 years, which is undoubtedly one of the best budget wireless mice by logitech.  Do check out my full video review here: (...)
+ Very good product. The parcel came in extra large pack which can held more then 5 such keyboards. Amazon should think of the wastage it is doing.  I bought this keyboard and mouse to be used with my laptop. so form factor is just perfect. Works well. It reminds me of an old advertisement of a bike - complementing its fuel efficiency&#34; fill it, shut it and forget it&#34; same can be told about this product. Plug the dongle and forget it. keyboard and mouse work very nice.  Reason for not giving 5 star is as its a wireless keyboard we have to pick it up many a times. Have a close look at the form. there is no extra space on top, right or bottom. So whenever you pick it up from these side few of keys gets pressed which is very annoying. but now I pick it by holding from left side only.  If this is not a problem for you I would suggest go and buy this product.
+ Ultra compact keyboard together with the ever sturdy logitech quality was a good buy. The keyboard is so compact that it fits into my laptop bag easily too. The keys are quite tightly pushed together to make the keyboard compact which makes it slightly difficult to use initially . The mouse is good as well.
+ Amazing keyboard... Previously I was using Microsoft 2000 combo,  it's still under warranty buy they refused to claim warranty because my product serial number had been evaporated. I'm still fighting with them about that case. But over the scenario this time I was dam sure that I'm not going with Microsoft again because of their fraud warranty policy. That's why I bought this product on tight budget side. First thing is that if you are looking a keyboard to play racing games than this product is not for you because it has much smaller up and down keys. Rest is fine. You can definitely use this product from more than 10 meters distance. Try to download set point software from their own website. It's big on size but worth to download because it will give you notification about caps lock and all that.
+ Mouse is awesome.. No complaints.. Keyboard, the keys are a little crowded especially the arrow keys, and I definitely didn't like the small enter key.. So using it as a desktop keyboard is not advisable, but as a laptop keyboard it worth it doesn't take much space.. It takes one USB for the dongle, which matters on ur usage.. If you know typing, another issue is that the letter F and J is not having a small projection which guide your fingers (I'm not sure of this at the moment, will correct if othwise)  I'm using this product for about a month and it's quite OK, saves space of your desk.. I guess we don't use the keyboard much, so should be OK to buy considering the price.. However a bluetooth device (this one is Radio frequency) would increase the compatibility to even ur mobile devices..
+ first and foremost the combo is really gud for its price.. PROS -nice tactile feedback for keyboard. -really compact if u r looking for that. -mouse is almost palm grip and a little heavy so it feels reliable for long working hours. CONS - it doesnt comes with a unifying receiver and neither with a nani receiver..  it comes with a receiver 2-3 cm long and can have a tendency to break if implied to rough usage. - keyboard is too compact so some keys are cramped like arrow keys and there is no notification light for caps lock, num lock, and others - -there is no palm rest -scroll click of mouse is a little too tight so if u going to work on cad then its going to be a tad difficult -there is no on off switch on any of mouse and kb
+ I have Purchased this product with some hiccups but after i received i felt its good product  Pros :   Well Technically designed   a. No driver software Required   b. No power button auto ON and OFF   Keyboard so compact   keys less, i could say no noise   less weight   you may use like remote also   Multimedia function also there (pause,play,next)    mouse :   Laser mouse, its normal size only.  cons :   A few only but not a matter at all    Right side key in keyboard is somewhere placed, i.e., placed above the numeric pad   that also we need to use with 'fn' key    No indication LEDs like Caps lock, Num lock, Scroll lock. (for battery performance they may be neglected)
+ superb..device..keyboard is very smooth and compact in design..mouse is also great functioning..in this price range this combo is great..two years ago i bought this combo for my friend around 1500 rs. for i ball brand but i found this one very cheaper online on amazon..very fast delivery i am typing this with this combo device keyboard..
+ gr8 keyboard for someone who does want to save space... the only drawback is that the arrow keys are too near making i difficult to play games which involve arrow keys...  also i have observed lags when i connect the adapter to the back of the CPU which is just beneath the CPU table... apart from that no issues whatsoever...
+ Pros light weight super battery backup affordable range is good  Cons receiver is big i.e.  nano receiver was expected No LEDs for caps lock, num lock and scroll lock  i dont think that LEDs does matter a lot but receiver does if u have laptop. for desktop it is amazing product.
+ Its very descent keyboard and mouse Good packing. Comes with 3 year warranty. Its connect with usb2.0 port but it also connects in usb 3.0 but u have be careful with that. Its very smooth u even cant heard the noise of pressing buttons click click.. And its same size keyboard as  comes in 15.6inch laptop. Simply go for it.
+ Nice product at this price. Its doesn't have power off button, but it says it automatically sleeps if not used, n wakes up on sensing motion. So nice technology, it also saves battery. Mouse is a but bulky though. Specially because it uses 2 AA batteries. Amazon also delivered it before its scheduled delivery.
+ Up arrow is small, unable to play games using this keyboard. But it is compact, and paired without any hassle. Wished the dongle would have been a nano dongle, but it is like a 4GB pen drive sticking out of the USB port. Good battery life and mouse has accurate precision. Dont know if any lock keys are enabled..
+ Very nice at that price. Cap lock indication is not there. You have to use on line key board for indication. Little bulky compare to other models of Logitech both mouse and transmitter/signal receiver. Key board is compact. For some it may be difficult for continuous typing. Operation is smooth and noiseless.
+ Had it for about 2 weeks. It is compact and have good soft touch to keys. Range is not that great. When receiver was inserted into the rear USB port of a PC that was inside a shelf, the range is only about 4 feet. When inserted in the front USB port (no obstructions), then it was fine about 8 to 10 feet.
+ totally delighted..... but one thing I would like to suggest to the producer that the wireless dongle be small in size, if possible, as small that it doesn't produce that much out from the usb port... the rest excellent.... go for the purchase itz totally profitable to purchase the product....... good luck
+ Perfect finishing . All good getting it at Rs. 941 was the best part !!! MRP is Rs 1495 on the box !!! But the disappointment was that their was not led indicators for num lock , Caps Lock & Sock lock!!! and their no on/off button hence it will consume more cells !!! :'-( This all takes a star away !!!!
+ Pros: The keyboard is very compact but despite that, it has normal sized keys for great use. It is extremely easy to use and the length of the USB is about half the width of a 10 rupee note (shorter side).  Cons: The only problem I saw was that the backspace key is too small and you'll need to get accustomed to that. Also, there is no indication for Caps Lock, Num keys etc. I would recommend this product.
+ Overall good performance & good product, but the signal of keyboard are quite uni-directional. I recommend to buy this product
+ Use this primarily as a secondary keyboard for my laptop. The only issue with the keyboard is its pretty tiny arrow keys, but if you are used to working on a laptop, this isn't much of a concern. Mouse and keyboard build quality is decent, range is very good. Recommended if you are looking for a decent value for money wireless keyboard and mouse for your daily needs. Probably not that useful for gaming.
+ I was wondering about buying a new keypad & mouse for Samsung smart TV. Saw couple of good reviews about this product and it's compatibility with smart TV. While purchasing it showed delivery by next day 11 AM and I was pleasantly surprised to receive the product (good packaging) by 10:30 AM. It was not even 6 business hours from ordering to receiving. Working well with my TV as well Laptop.
+ I can say this is a quality product. I am posting my reviews after a month of use. I used it with my LG TV, Desktop (Windows 7), and a Raspberry pi 2 (Linux). It is just plug and play on any platform. Some of my friends with wireless keyboard and mouse have battery problems, that battery last not more than 3 weeks for this one its worked more than a month and its working fine. Thanks, R
+ I was looking for an wireless mouse and keyboard , when i came across this product. The keyboard is very compact which could have been a little bigger and the keys too are small. The mouse is very good. It does not have an on/off switch which will use the battery, so putting some extra bucks is worth it in having a wireless keyboard and mouse combo. It comes along with battery and usb sensor.
+ good and durable quality wireless mouse and keyboard by logitech..... no on-off switch provided in both mouse and keyboard, which can help to improve battery life ........ easy to use.....no need to install any driver in win7......plug and play type...... no need to use always just in front of receiver.....can be use from any direction............ happy buying............
+ Mouse is just awsome..mobile..handy..good range..fast.. But the size of Keyboard's button has been made small & are very closely packed with no space at all Some of the buttons locations are different from standard keyboard buttons like Delete Button , Backspace Enter button size is very small..It willl take some time to adapt to it But handy n transportable..Good range
+ I had to buy it after I spilt coffee over my Mac Keyboard and couldn't get that one back to life. I toyed with the idea of buying a Mac keyboard again but it seemed too pricey.  This one works perfectly with my iMac and it was 1/5 the price of a brand new Mac Keyboard. The &#34;command&#34; key is now the &#34;windows&#34; key. Thats pretty much the only difference...
+ The product is good but the top most buttons, the F Keys, don't have proper feedback. (they don't bounce back immediately & some lag is there in almost all keys which is not acceptable ) But the keyboard is small and compact which makes it highly portable..the mouse is fine for me. fits the grip proper.. Otherwise the product is fine.. more details after some usage..
+ i checked keyboard and mouse in my office from 15 foot distance and also from other cabin also work so, this is very very very nice wifi range and auto shutoff system for battery life , when you not touch mouse and keyboard for 30 second they they automatic shut off so BATTERY SAVING mode automatic activated after 30 second.  - keyborad stock is very very smooth, not like microsoft and iball but compare to other keyboard this is MAKHKHAN - keyboard up key is very small otherwise all key are good. - very small and with FN (function key) for space saving keyboard and giving all function with this key like   HOME, EMAIL, SEARCH, CALCULATOR, MUSIC ,BACK, PAUSE, NEXT, MUTE, VOL DOWN , VOL UP, PRINT SCR, &  PAUSE/B. -  come with 2 AA battery pack and 2 AAA battery pack and both are premium GP ALKLINE BATTERY PACK. -  mouse working on my office table without mouse pad. -  go for this and save your space on table in this type of small and powerful ranging keyboard you not finding in any other brand in 1000 rs.  thanks amazon very very very fast delivery and very very nice 3 layer packaging. i think packaging coasting is nearly 50 to 70 rs. so thats about BEST SERVICE FROM AMAZON. AMAZON TRACKING UPDATE WITH SHARP TIMING ON SMS AND EMAIL BOTH .SO TURN OFF YOU EYES GO FOR AMAZON.
+ Meets all basic requirements. The keyboard is excellent. The best available combo in the price range. I'd have given it 5/5 had it not been for the mouse. Since I'm used to the Logitech M325, the M150 (which is a part of this combo) seems quite sub-standard. Also, this combo has 1 drawback. It does not support the unifying receiver.  Overall, a great product.
+ Works on RaspberryPi, MacOSX and Windows7 without any setup or configuration !!  Easy to use. Just Plug n Play. Thats Easy n Love it.  Though Makers site says that it is not compatible with linux !! But it works.  Cons: @ No indicator led on keyboard like, Caps Lock or Num Lock :( @ Arrow keys are a bit Tight of space :(
+ Got this package yesterday. I must say really easy to use keyboard and mouse. There is no lengthy installation process. Just plug the USB receiver and start enjoying the keyboard/mouse.  Regarding Amazon's packaging.....Guys you are awesome!!! So securely packed :)  All in all a good combo if you are looking for a daily use keyboard/mouse.
+ Amazing design, full fledged keyboard with numeric keypad, light weight. Don't know about the battery life yet. Both keyboard and mouse have same receiver. Cons: No LED lights to indicate caps, scroll and num locks. No switch off and on button on both keyboard and mouse. Note: Mouse has invisible optics, meaning no red laser light at the bottom.
+ good delivery by amazon good product,works well,no problem or whatever and ya there are no caps lock led's(but its already mentioned in the description) mouse has a invisible optic which is good for battery life. small keyboard(but ya that's what its should be when its wireless and portable)and keys are soft. and ya it works from a fairly long range.
+ Got the very next day after placing my order with amazon , Genuine product with good packaging from Amazon, size is a bit small so struggling to type fast. Mouse is very nice and sensitivity is nice but keyboard is a bit slow in response when inactive for a minute or two, u need to wait till it start responding Ur inputs , rest is all fantastic.
+ the product is very good and I would recommend it to all. The only obvious thing is you will have to get used to the keyboard as the size is very small and initially it will be a li'l frustrating. I have been using for for a month and no issues with battery whatsoever. It has auto turn off feature when you are not using the keyboard or mouse.
+ Very nice product with warranty. It makes it very easy to use your PC or Laptop from anywhere you want to sit according to your comfort. One con is that USB stick with it is quite large and there is no on/off button on keyboard as well as mouse. Otherwise its a must have gadget if you want to protect your laptop keyboard and minimise its use.
+ Nice product Even it will works fine with ubuntu also no need to install anything, simple plug a usb firmware and the keyboard and mouse starts working.. keys of keyboard are very soft and comfortable mouse clicking is comparatively noisy But working fine And on time delivery of product by Amazon... Thanks
+ Bought Logitech MK220 Wireless Keyboard and Mouse Combo from Amazon . As always I had a very pleasant experience with Amazon purchase . Regarding the item , the keyboard is pretty compact & nice to use . But I am not happy with the mouse. The mouse pointer has a lag and not responding properly as per the movement . I even tried with a mouse pad, but still the same . Could be problem with this particular piece, but did not want to initiate a replacement as I am much in need of the keyboard .
+ The main advantage of this keyboard+mouse is that it is compact. Fits well in small places and with the wireless support it becomes very handy especially when watching movies.  As others mentioned the keyboard definitely takes some time to get used to. The keys are very closely spaced and many a times you end up pressing the wrong key. I really don't have use for the number pad keys. Even after 2 months of usage, I still don't have the same comfort as other normal sized keyboards.
+ Intro: I am using this product for six months before writing this review.This is a very compact wireless keyboard. After a lot of searching I finally zeroed on this keyboard mouse combo, firstly because of it'sperfect dimensions (best suited for persons using laptops and wanna carry a wireless keyboard on the go in their backpack) and secondly the most obvious reason that it is of Logitech. I would like to add something here because I think this is something many of you don't know or may not have noticed like me. Logitech International is actually a Swiss Multinational company and not of Taiwan or South Korea as the name may sound like. Build Quality: The build quality is nice especially the keyboard.But I would have preferred a better build of the mouse. The top piece of the mouse doesn't sit firmly and is a little squeaky. You can find this really clearly when you hold the mouse up in air and shake it gently. Even some low cost mouse vendors like Zebronics, iball provide better build mouse than this. The keyboard is well built, not squeky of any sorts but certainly not spill proof. To tell you about the overall size of the keyboard I would tell that is almost the same as the size of a laptop (ie. of a 14-15.6 inch) keypad. I hope you can understand how compact it is. Usability:The keyboard has closely placed keys which might be annoying for some but if you are used to using laptops it won't be an issue. There is also a INR symbol in this keyboard and thats really handy. I must mention that this keyboard has every keys that are present on a normal desktop keyboard even the print screen key(which comes in handy while test ping) inspite of its compact form factor. The keys are quite tactile too. Moreover the keyboard comes with multimedia functionality with all shortcut keys of volume up down, calculator, my computer and so on. You need to press the FN key plus the respective keys (i.e for those multimedia functionality) together. Overall the mouse response is really good. And kudos to the strong range of the wifi you can use this keyboard sitting far away from the computer. Best suited for watching movie and sitting on your bed or sofa while your computer is placed about 10ft away on the table. No issues. Or maybe for slide presentation. Inbox contents: 1. Mouse 2. Keyboard 3.Two AAA GP Alkaline battery (mouse) 4.Two AA GP Alkaline Battery. Competitors: 1.Microsoft Wireless Desktop Keyboard 800 2.Dell Wireless Keyboard Mouse Combo KM113 But considering the form factor of the Logitech MK220 there at all no competition because the other two are much bigger in size and difficult to carry round. Plus I suggest to go with Logitech as it's a more experienced player in the field of computer accessories than the other two. If you like my review kindly press the like button below to support me to write more reviews like this in future.
+ the keyboard is very compact but i like it.The typing is very comfortable. I'm glad that I got a keyboard with big left shift key. But the mouse is disappointing. The size of the mouse is good but its too heavy because of its two AA batteries. I have a wireless mouse from HP which fills great in hand and that has only one AA battery. I would have given it FIVE STARS if it were a little bit lighter. The mouse is too heavy, less see how many days it will take to get acquainted with it.
+ no problems until now. Works like a charm BIOS menu onwards (on Samsung N 300 series laptop.) The M150 mouse that comes along, is a lil big than the B175 mouse, and it doesnt have ON-OFF switch, and needs 2 AA cells. Keyboard is good in quality. Its got Alt key instead of context key, which i dislike (just right to space key) The wireless receiver takes both keyboard and mouse, compatible with Linux, tested on ubuntu based ArtistX 1.5 and Arch based Kali Linux
+ Good VFM portable keyboard (Rs. 1138)  Pros: - Small size factor - Ligthweight Mouse and keyboard - Invisible optical sensor (Increases battery life) - Good mouse Ergonomics - Function keys come in handy  Cons - No Charge indicator on Mouse/Keyboard - Arrow keys on keyboard are Irregular - No option to fit receiver inside the Keyboard / Mouse - No Caps/Scroll lock Indication - No ON/OFF switch on Keyboard/Mouse
+ The keyboard is small because all the extra space has been removed. Using it for typing this. The only difference is the arrow keys are like that of laptop. The mouse is normal sized. No on/off switch on them, probably have their own way of saving power. A single USB as a receiver, because its a combo. Im using it with my Samsung Note 10.1 tablet with an OTG. Connected automatically without any setup or anything. I dont know if you can get a better product at this price!
+ Great product. Everything is the same as explained. great compact keyboard with all the keys. mouse works very smoothly and properly. MAIN USP - Free Logitech set point software. Through this software you can customize your function keys, mouse keys and many different tools. CAPSLOCK ON/OFF , SCROLL ON/OFF and NUMLOCK ON/OFF INDICATORS show on screen so you dont have to take your eyes of your screen.  It has everything what i wanted. Totally satisfied.
+ I got this at Rs 1039.00 with 10% cashback on my citibank credit card (seems it is just a voucher of 103.9rs if i am to buy another product from amazon) worth the price. However in a weeks time the mouse has started to behave absurdly. I think i got the one with auto  right click function. Beware of playing any shooter games, you may end up shooting your own guys accidently. trying to find a way how to get this replaced/repaired/resolved. can amazon help.?
+ I bought this in Feb 2014 and it is still working perfectly, the battery never died on me, the range is good and it is compact and lightweight just what I was looking for, only problem is the wireless connector for this is a little big about the size of a pen drive this might be a problem for some people but all in all very satisfied and would recommend it to everyone who wants a compact lightweight portable wireless keyboard and mouse combo
+ I bout this product from a retail store at almost the same price as Amazon. After using for 3 months, here are the reviews.  Pros : - Excellent connectivity for my laptop and desktop (works excellent in Debian Linux). - Small and compact keyboard which was uncomfortable during the first 1-2weeks of use but after getting used to the keys, the experience is amazing. - Keys are super quiet and smooth  Cons - - Mouse is a bit heavy because of AA batteries. Would be much better if AAA batteries are used. - USB receiver is a bit bulky.  I have been using this Keyboard & Mouse combo for 3 months now for Software Development work and the experience is excellent. If you plan to buy this, just go for it without any 2nd thoughts.
+ Hi i bought this keyboard more than a year back, to use with my nexus 2012. It was fine, laptop style, small size yet usable. As i already had a wired keyboard for desktop, i used it only when there is no power, with tablet for net browsing and typing emails.  2 Problems i faced: 1. Because of small size arrow/navigation keys, it is difficult to play games or scroll webpages. 2. As i was busy, i didn't use the keyboad for around 1.5 to 2 months. I forgot about the free batteries inside. They leaked and as circute is right below the batteries, entire circute got damaged. Now i am left with a brand new shell of the keyboard.  So my advice to all of you is... Buy a good set of batteries and never ever leave them inside when not in use.
+ I am pleased with my purchase of this wireless keyboard and mouse. Though the keys are a bit differently located compared a standard keyboard, in fact, I found them more convenient. The top row keys are smaller in size, but they pose no problem while using. There is good tactile feedback and typing on them is a pleasure. But I felt the mouse a bit too heavy to start with due to the weight of the batteries. But as I continued using them I feel the weight more of a convenience because the mouse sits stable on the pad due to its weight. Both the keyboard and mouse are responsive and I hardly feel any lag or delay in their operations. I would highly recommend anybody to go for this, of course, based on my initial experience.
+ I have been using it for a week now (mainly to play Mount and Blade) on a laptop connected to my HDTV. It works flawlessly. The box includes batteries for the mouse and the keyboard, which is a plus. The keyboard is quite compact, yet includes full-sized keys.
+ deliver after 5 days of order,right now i m using it,mouse is osm.but keyboard  is ok ok .plastic quality is not good,keys a are placed very nearely not good for programmer but ok for daily uses.if u dont have more money than go for it.
+ The delivery was prompt, and the product was in pristine condition. It's just as we see in the listing, and works as expected too. There are no connectivity hassles, just plug and play.  It's great for the price and I'm pretty happy with the product overall, but it does have its limitations and cons.  For example, the keyboard, in its quest to be compact, is a little too compact and ends up being difficult to hold from most angles. Also, the mouse is on the coarse side (speaking sensitivity wise), coz it's a bit low on the sensor resolution probably to keep the price down.
+ I purchased for my laptop which is connected to the TV and the keyboard and mouse helps in working from a distance. I would not recommend for any other use, definitely not for regular work.  Pros: Plug and play, works out of the box. (Tried in XP and Windows 7) It has good range.  Cons: Not very sturdy, feels like some keys might fall off. Keyboard layout is crammed and not at all ergonomic, especially the arrow keys. No power button, hopefully the power is managed well by the electronics.
+ I have purchased  this wireless keyboard combo on a lightning deal from amazon with only 999/- bucks.after using this keyboard to four days then  one word I have to say it's awesome. Range is about 10 meters I have controlled my smart tv from 10 meters approx.there is no lag in cursor after using it.it's compact and light in weight with nice finish.thanks amazon for providing me a good deal.friends  if u want to watch the unboxing review then click on the link below I have uploaded the review : https://youtu.be/nfUmtrbtTkQ
+ Hello to every one  Over all the product quality, delivery time and functionality is good. It works good and has a good range of input functionality. The only thing i found lacking is the On/Off switch for saving upon the battery. The frequency finder (I suppose) may latch continuously for the receiver which may consume the battery and you have to change it frequently. Though the product works fine and does its function properly.  A must buy for avoiding the wires and do the lazy bed time surfing. ;)
+ For the last one month I am using this keyboard and mouse in office. Excellent product, very useful, The office table is now with lot of free space, no wires and gives lot of freedom to keep the keyboard away when not in use. another use i found is the security to the computer. if we remove the  wireless connector, the computer cant be used as the keyboard and mouse are not connected. to add the service of amazon was excellent. safe packing and quick delivery.  I recommend this wireless keyboard and mouse.
+ &#62;Print- You can set up the printer and print-   1. Directly Via USB   2. By connecting your printer with your Wifi Router/Modem(allowing it to access net)- and by sending a mail with an attachment(to be printed)   to its email address(You can set it up!)   3. Wirelessly by connecting you PC/Laptop with the PSC.    -Loved the Double-sided (duplex) printing!   - Ink Cartridge/Efficiency - is moderately good! around 400 pages - Black and around 150-200(Colour)   - Draft Printing option is really good- saves ink and print quality is good as well!   - Great Printing Speed for a printer at this price! &#62;Scanner- A4 Scanner Bed(Would have loved it if it was a tid bigger - maybe if it supported 'legal' pages)   Great Dpi options to meet you requirement - scan photos(super detailed) to documents(low size-low details)   You can even Scan wirelessly :) &#62; Printer when kept on light tables- it shakes the table- So make sure to install it on a rigid base! &#62;The paper tray collects a bit of dust and the Pages kept inside the tray tends to bend on one side(when tray is kept closed.) :( &#62; The display -low resolution but does the work!  Best Value for Money Printer! Just Buy it and make your life easier! :)
+ This is a really cool printer. I did a fair bit of research prior to purchasing this. The reasons why I bought this are:  1. Excellent bang for the buck. This is highly affordable both in terms of running costs (price of cartridges) and upfront cost (price of printer) and works well for low volumes of printing.  2. Great in terms of features. Wireless, photo printing (not the high end variety), ePrint features, scanner (with send to identified computer on the network feature).  3. Convenient size and easy to setup. Was a complete breeze to get it up and running. It can also be located anywhere within the home because of the wireless feature. You needn't have it right next to the comp/ router.  There isn't anything I don't like about it yet. But that said, these are still early days.  It replaces a 9 year old Canon Pixma printer for me where the cartridges are prohibitively expensive. The price difference for 3 cartridge replacements (black and color) covers the new printer price. So replacement for me was a no-brainer.  However, if you are a photo buff and print a lot of your stuff, this isn't your kinda thing. Then you need to look at serious photo printers in a totally different price range.
+ One of the best printers I have ever used for home purpose.  Set up was a breeze. I installed the driver and software from the supplied CD.  This has an in-built wifi network. So in case you do not have a home wifi to print wirelessly, you can connect to the printer wifi (network) and do wireless print. It also does scanning wirelessly. I could easily keep the printer connected to one side of a room where I have power connection, and print from anywhere !!! great, isn;t it ?  The only drawback is I could not connect it to my home wifi, so I could not set up cloud printing. Upon investigation, I realised that it can recognize Type-N signal (801.11n), but my home wifi is b/g network since it is a very old BSNL modem/router. However, this isn't a big issue for me as I can always use the printer's wifi to print wirelessly.  To add to convenience, it can also do double-side printing, and pdf scanning :-)
+ I bought this about a month back.The printer was received two days before the given last date, nicely packaged. I'd also used the amazon chat to modify my order, and it was a very professional and hassle free experience. The printer installation from the website in wi-fi mode was slightly irritating, and ultimately took an hour or so. Since then, its working absolutely smoothly.The display is adequate in size and function buttons are able to navigate the menu easily. The print out for copy and print functions are good, but the colour cartridge is depleting slightly faster. The app for printing from android phone is available on the hp website, however I haven't used it yet. Am using it for home use by linking my laptop and desktop to it over wifi. Recommend it to for home use, and a smooth experience.
+ This is a high tech product built for use by the most novice users. The set up was very easy and in minutes i was up and running. The LCD display was quite simple to use. I have tried both printing directly with my wifi enabled desktop / laptop and also through my wifi router network. You only need to install the CD.  The most amazing was sending an email to the hp account (the set up wizard will direct you to this page if you are installing the CD and connected to the internet) and having the printer print it out... Amazing.. Have also tried the duplex printing option.  I dont know about the cartridge life etc. So, no comments. But, i got exactly what i wanted. And Amazon had the cheapest price.. Around 1000 lower than the nearest competitor website..
+ I bought this printer during one of the great discount sales of amazon. the price was reduced considerably making it very attactive.  Coming to the product itself, it is a WIFI enabled printer which a bunch of functionalities deemed very useful to me.  - wifi connectivity for wireless printing - internet printing (u can print document from mobile/PC no matter where you are, the document is printed at home) - ink advantage is good feature to use ink effectively (havent counted the prints tough) - scanner/copy feature is very good. - print quality can be adjusted based on your requirement  Its definitely a printer to go if you need wifi/internet connectivity with a bunch of useful features.
+ I placed the order on 23rd Jan 2016 and received the product on 25th Jan. I must say, very prompt and quick delivery. Withing 24 hrs of raising ticket with HP, an engineer came for installation.It is an easy to operate device,gives good quality prints. Good product for home especially for student projects.
+ It is indeed a very good product and true value for money. I have used most of its features like printing, copying, scanning and coloured printouts of family photographs. It has delivered on every front. I am still to use a cord. All jobs are effortlessly managed cordless through mobile or laptop.
+ Perfect Delivery before on time. As usual amazon is good in e-shopping though lit bit costlier than other e-commerce site i prefered to go with amazon is delivery on time and Perfect item. For Home usage this is the best printer i could recommend.
+ I had read extensively on the reviews on the printer and having bought one, relieved that, it lives up to the expectations set. It is little early to comment how long inks last but it is quite seamless in set up and functioning. Duplex feature is a needed necessity which I was ready to pay premium for. I bought it when there was a dire need for one and little wait could have made prices lower. Kids are pretty happy with the print quality and MacBook Air prints.  Paper tray is little loose. It does fit snugly. I am not sure whether it is a piece or fit-&-finish.
+ Fantastic Printer !!!!!!! i am so happy using this with my iPhone for printing documents anywhere from my home and office via Air Print. colour quality is amazing . and can be used on Macbook Pro & Windows Pc , full support softwares available for all devices including Android phones ! can you believe that ! Scan Documents remotely and it attaches to email ! thats the best part ! And you knw what - The Ink Cartridge is so cheap i have bought almost 10 as spare . Everyone in my family loves to click photos and print ! just use Kodak pHoto paper and you'll love it !
+ It's a great one for your basic needs of printing, copying and scanning. The quality is professional. The set-up is pretty simple. The wireless printing capability works great. I have downloaded the printer driver from internet and installed it in my very old laptop (CD drive not working) and there is absolutely no problem. The quality of the colour prints are quite good. Double-sided printing/copying saves paper! No complaints so far! The scanner is capable of only A4 size scanning but does it really well. Go for it and you won't regret! Order was delivered on time.
+ I moved on to this printer from hp 2050 all in one printer, for the simple reason of wireless requirement. HP 2050 was very good serving me for the past 5 years without any fault. The new HP 3545 eprinter is an excellent choice, value for money. This is a very good looking, very compact and very easy to instal, quick printing both sides, fast photo copying and easy to scan by anybody. The wifi remote printing is too good with all the options available on the iPad.I strongly recommend this eprinter to everyone, who desires to go for a wireless all in one printer.
+ I got this product at a steal deal for 4.7K. As for the product features, it has almost everything Copy, Scan and Print. The best feature is of-course the wireless and two sided printing. The interface is nice and easy to handle with real buttons (thank god there was no capacitive touches). As for the quality of the printer material, it is only average but that is acceptance given the price range of this printer. Having said that, HP has not compromised a bit on the print Quality, it is really crisp and clean. Overall, I am very satisfied with the purchase.
+ An Ink-Advantage printer with all these 6 features (wireless Direct, wifi, All in one, Photo printing, E-printing, 2side printing) is Product worth investing !!!!!  for HOME.  Amazon delivered it within 2days @Mumbai.(Speed delivery was not available when i placed order) Amazon customer care is Excellent. Was available ALWAYS on chat for all inquires.  HP customer care is Excellent. Good co-coordination and helped me with E-printing as i had connection prob. HP Engineers visited twice for on demand.  I recommend it.
+ Love this printer. My older HP deskjet stopped working and the cost to repair it would have been almost 70% of the cost for a new printer. HP recommended that I buy a new printer so I went online and picked this. The best part was discovering that it has the option of 2 side printing! Which is a huge time saver and cost effective as well. The ink economy is great too. I have printed over 2 hundred sheets of question papers and the level of black ink is still above the halfway mark. Would highly recommend this printer for home / small business use.
+ This printer is great! It prints very quickly. The cartridges that come included have not run out despite loads of printing in over 4 months. Scanning is great as well, with several quality options (in dpi). It connects easily to wifi and I can even print directly from my iPhone. The iOS apps (AiO remote, Printables) can scan directly to the iPhone and I can even print recipes, paper planes, origami sheets and more fun things. If you're looking for a home printer, look no further. The footprint is a little large but honestly that's a non-issue.
+ Colour printout quality is awesome.Scan and copy is also very good.Printing speed is nice.duplex printing saves time.Ink consumption is also low not much low but good enough for home users.Very good print quality at this low price of printer.wireless feature is great.No need to connect usb cable and also its wifi range is large.Can also print anything using smartphone.The look is stylish and is compact as compared to other.Cartridge cost is also very low.No disadvantage for this printer.Packaging was good by amazon.  Thanks to amazon
+ Awesome printer as against my previous Canon MP 287. Its fast, compact and definitely economical giving lots more no. of prints (thanks to ink advantage) as against Canon printers. Also the cartridge is way cheaper than the Canons. With e-print options, it becomes a breeze printing docs from virtually wherever you are. Wireless connectivity is seamless and also cloud printing helps a lot. All in all, a great printer from HP for home use and also for home based business use. Thumbs up to Amazon for the perfect packing and delivery. Go for it!
+ Good All in one printer with cost effective price and a timely delivery of E-bay.I got it just 3 days back so not tested it thoroughly but sharing what i tested yet. Working on this printer is amazing with both wireless printing and scanning with good speed,scanning takes just 3-5 second well printing goes less then speed of laser printer but faster then before used hp all in one desk jet printers.  Well the summery is that, this printer is worth to its price i.e rs 4998 with both wireless printing and scanning at good speed.
+ Excellent printer. Simple setup. Nice price. WIFI is good from laptop. Print quality is crystal clear and sharp. Nice guiding printer control panel. Scan through remote is excellent and share the capture. Duplex printing super. Print speed is impressive. Only drawback is connecting to desktop through USB is no problem. But it is not possible to install software as network printer. No where it is documented about it. If desktop as made as Wireless internet, then software can be installed and network printer is identified and how I solved the problem struggling for a day. I ordered for dlink USB wireless adaptor and got connected and it worked. Now printer is working with as specified.
+ The wifi advantage makes it a less cluttered experience as you can print and scan from any room and device without the need to physically connect the printer to any cable. Amazon delivery was remarkable and they packaged the product very nicely to ensure a damage free delivery. Configuring and installing the printer is very easy and you don't even need the instruction manual. Tough i am not able to configure it for a Windows 8 based laptop for which I may have to download the updated drivers.  The scan quality is pretty good, and so is the print quality. It is a ink-jet based printer, so you will have to wait a few seconds for the ink to dry up unlike laser printers.
+ i was searching for a good printer for my home use where the print load is not much but reliability is of prime importance. After a lot of scrutiny, i zeroed onto this printer and am happy that i selected it. The set up was effortless and lo, it came up nicely on wireless set up too so much so that i have not even untwined the  USB cord. It went on straight on wireless. I am able to print directly from my MacBook Air, iPhone from any corner of my home. Great printer, crisp copies. The first A4 size multicolour print out took abut a min to come out. Amazon india gave the best deal in price and efficient handling of the order, including quick delivery. Would recommend strongly.
+ * The print quality is very good.  * Both side printing feature helps you to save on paper and gives the desired output. Manually taking print on both sides yields weird results sometimes like both print on same side or upside down on the back side.  * The ink cartridge is not very expensive so one can even print photographs of family function or some other occasion at home itself.  * The wireless printing feature allows you to print a sample question paper or a worksheet for your kid, without moving out of your bed ;-)  * Looking at the features and low cost cartridge, I recommend HP 3545 MFP for Home and Small office use.
+ A very efficient and perfect all purpose printer for home purposes and especially for students who have minor projects and homework. The wireless printing and scanning works perfectly (had slight hiccups post upgrading my laptop to Windows 10 but the HP Tech support got that taken care of on chat support). Also capable of printing high quality photos on the right kind of photo paper. But please be aware that this is not meant for heavy printing jobs. The cartridges are also won't burn a hole in your pocket (a combo pack - 1 black and white and 1 colour - will cost you less than Rs. 1000). An overall good quality product for quite a reasonable price.
+ The printer was somewhat larger than what I expected, but overall I'm quite pleased with it. it was easy to unpack and set up. I had some trouble with the wi-fi set up, though it eventually worked. The print quality is good, though I find that the native Mac OS software provides more options for scans than the HP software.  A word about Amazon's delivery -- the packaging wasn't as robust as I'd expected and I was quite startled to see a rather battered carton that it came in. However, when I opened it, the printer, in its own packaging, was unharmed. This isn't the first time that I've come across iffy packaging from Amazon.
+ As always amazon delivery is on time and the packaging is more than sufficient to keep the printer safe. It also got delivered 3 days before estimated delivery date.  The printer is easy to use and set up and once its connected, printing either wireless or wired is easy and it takes approximately about 15-20 minutes to get it set up, wirelessly connected and registered on the HP eprint website. The printer looks amazingly sleek but it turned out to be bigger than my desktop itself. The prints itself and photocopy are in excellent quality with the ink cartridges provided with the printer.  Good value for money.
+ Excellent Product. Has everything i expected. You can also have a custom email id for your printer. Authorize people who can send email to that email id. print those emails on your printers automatically. printables option allows you to print various documents from web that HP provides, starting from story books, colouring art, daily sudoko etc. you could also schedule these printables. Wireless setup was just few button clicks. Wireless scanning is also possible. I scan on my printer and i get the PDF/JPG on my mobile or laptop etc i choose to recieve.  great product. A real must for home use.
+ An amazing printer....Wireless feature is excellent...Scan is excellent and id scanning template is also excellent...packaging as always is excellent from Amazon...excellent service. Keep up the good work...
+ Good printer. Like it. Good features at the right price. Only missing part is a good tray - the one that comes with it is a very narrow strip and cannot hold the printouts if there is even slightest wind (say, a fan running in the room). The sheets tend to fall from the output tray. But that's a minor issue. Also, the user interface on the printer could be better. A lot of steps for small things like copying. Or maybe I am not aware of how this can be customized. Overall a good product.
+ This printer caters all my requirement. The setup was easy. Within 10 mins, I could able to set up the Printer on my Wireless Home network. No Connection, simply wireless. I have printed the test page, alignment page and it started working just like that. I could use the print out from my mobile, laptop, through internet from my mobile.  Pros: - easy to set up and simply awesome. - Good color quality. the color quality on the6x4 photo paper was awesome. - Good print speed - Good scan time and quality  Cons:  - The color cartridge consumption is more.
+ After a bit of research I zeroed on this printer. My requirements were print+copy+scan+wireless printing (mainly from mobile for home purpose)+ fair cartridge cost+ decent quality printing+ good customer service+ automatic dual side printing. I must say at the price available on Amazon (flipk: 6100/-) which is 5400/- only, this one will be your top deal with above requirements. The drawback is that it takes a little long to print but then, for home purpose, it works alright. Looks decent quality. For refilling of cartridge and first time unboxing and installation; exact videos are available on you tube.
+ Ordered this product on Amazon and got it delivered inside 3 days. Setup was fast and easy but had to download the setup software from the HP site as the CD which came with package was corrupt. Wireless printing is a breeze but one cannot choose the cartridge type ( color v black if both are installed) while printing though the option exists while getting a copy of a document It has its own email address to help one print from a remote location Makes a little noise but thats a minor flaw given its multifunctionality and the price it comes for. Would recommend it for home users.
+ I would have rated 5 if the price didnt drop tby 1K to 5.2K the very next day :( regarding the product it is `00% genuine and I am very satisfied with the quality of the product. I have printed around 70+ pages so far and the print quality is very good both in color and greyscale. I will report back on how long does the cartilage last. Also it is absolutely easy printing wirelessly or over the internet. There is also Google cloud print that I have installed.
+ Its a very good printer from HP.But its cartridge gives maximum 200 pages printout for black cartridge and 50-60 pages in colour. And hp always say that to buy new hp 678 cartridge for long lasting your printer just for making their business. You just refill your cartridge for reliable use and make sure what type of colour you use in your cartridge ( pigment ink for black colour and dye ink for colour cartridge). if you chosen wrong type of colour for your cartridge then happens to make it damage. and i buy it rs5700 price and its worth'y by its price and have various feature that i needed.
+ Packing was bad. The cardboard cover provided by manufacturer was just wrapped with polythene strips for sending by courier. On the way, probably, it got smeared in some oil. Fortunately the printer was intact due to inner polythene cover. HP printer is superb and meets all my expectations for printing jobs. Set up was easy and it could get connected to my WiFi network. I tested printing using WiFi as well as direct network. Also used HP applications of ePrint and Remote. These work harmoniously with hardware for total functionality of printer. My experience is truly 5 Star rated.
+ Provides very easy-to-use features for wireless printing, scanning, copying, etc. It can even print remotely by just sending an email from anywhere in the world! My printer was ready to use within minutes of opening it from the box. It also came with the original HP 678 color and black ink cartridges within the box. It only remains to be seen if the ink really lasts as long as they claim (approx. 150 pages for color and 450 for black). I got a very good deal at Amazon, which also delivered the printer in just 3-4 days with very neat packaging. Great service by Amazon!
+ I am loving this HP all-in-one since it can print from any device (my ipad, android phone or laptop) hassle-free. Plus the eprint option is a saving grace when you need to print urgently without drivers etc. In eprint one can email to the id which you create while registering and the document prints as long as your printer is connected to the wifi internet. Another super feature is two sided printing without having to change the sides manually....in all a good purchase for my home office..... Amazon's partners delivered on time and with proper packaging....no regrets !
+ One of the best printer in class superb quality. Speed is good. All function is best. Best thing is you can print photo or documents from your smartphone. I just love this printer.set up require for first time is very easy. Touch screen function of printer is very good. Which gives easy setting up of printer and doing work. more worth than price. Packing made by amazone.in is excellent. Delivered in time. only one thing to be improve by amazon.in is to give courier boy no. On delivery day. otherwise thanks amazone.in nice service. Happy diwali to all
+ Excellent delivery, received within 3 days. Print quality is good, for normal documents it just takes 3-5 second. Scanning works well, but it takes longer time. Wireless connectivity is good, tried to print from Windows phone, works awesome! Best part is no need to turn on the pc . In draft mode the prints looks better so my suggestion will be to set it as default. The only issue I found is the sometimes the scanning in png format it gives multiple scanned images like jigsaw puzzles. May be bug in software. Overall best printer for home use. I will recommend it 
+ Easy to configure and use. Print quality is great. Best thing is the cartridges for this printer are cheaper than those that are required for some of the cheaper printers. So the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) is better in this case. This is applicable for all the Ink Advantage series printers. A good buy for home use
+ The Printer is good But you have to do some tweaks in your printer settings to avoid cancelling of the printing process in the middle, when you are printing using WiFi.  This is how I fixed the aborting of printing process:    Find out what the IP address is that your printer is using.   Then go to control panel and click on 'View Devices and Printers'.   Look for your printer an right click.   Click 'Printer Properties' and a new screen will open.   Along the top you will see some tabs. Click the one that says 'Ports'   Click 'Add Port'   Highlight 'Standard TCP/IP Port' by clicking on it, then click 'New Port'.  A new screen will open.   Click 'Next'   Type in the IP Address of your printer and click 'Next'  Your computer should find your printer.  Click 'Apply' and your printer should work correctly.
+ Have Zeroed in on this particular HP printer after a thorough research of 2months.  First of all thanks to Amazon as I received my printer in perfect condition and on time without any delays in 3-4 days.  Coming to the printer, it's good for home printing. A bit slow ofcourse but I don't mind it.  The print is crisp on paper. Also it's scanner is of okayish quality. Not great but yeah it's not bad either.  Copier is also good. But sometimes it comes too dark with lines on sides!  I've been using it from 1.5+months now and still 3/4th cartridge is remaining for both color and black ink.  Though I must admit I've mostly used only black and haven't printed anytging colorful.  But yeah, color cartridge tend to reduce sooner than the black.  Installation was too easy and faster than the 2min maggie noodles. Yeah no joking around here!  Hope my review helps anyone looking out for this printer.  Summary: go for this printer if you print occasionally or for home use and kids usee. :)
+ I have been using this for over a month now. The product is good, but did not come with clear instructions after initial setup. Setup itself was straightforward for Wifi and took under 15 minutes. I have a mini laptop with no CD drive,  so I had to download the software from the internet before I could get going - ~100mb. Setup on my android phone was simple with the HP printer app. Print quality is good, but it is not easy to find the duplex setting and draft mode setting. The android app does not seem to have an option to save these as defaults, and I am yet to figure out if this can be directly configured on the printer. I would have wished to see this detail in the instructions or on the HP support portal. The apps on the printer especially sudoku, maze, forms for notebook print are awesome and make it simple to print without a PC or phone.
+ HP deskjet 3545 e-All-in-one printer has been used nearly 4 months, and it is work superbly. Very easy to use with wi-fi through Android Phone and through data cable. Amazon delivery the product with well sealed OEM packet. I am very happy with the product and use till date with full satisfaction.
+ I have been using it for a few months now , no complaints and I am very happy with the choice made so far  easy double side printing. straight forward connectivity via Wi-Fi b&w print quality is good even in draft mode. quick setup via CD. setup and packaging was also well done . I didn't need to refer the manual . The one page setup was all I needed scan quality  is also good  cons : bit bulky the paper stopper has to be pulled out on every print otherwise I have seen the paper being flung out . ( especially when on a small table at the edge) the UI for manually copy / scan from the printer can be a bit tedious as multiple steps need to be done.  Note : I am yet to try the colour printing.  Not : I have not y
+ Overall, i think this is a good wireless all-in-one solution to meet everyday printing needs on a budget.  Pros:  - A good wireless printer for the price.  - Setup is easy and straight forward.  - The bundled HP eprint service makes it very easy to print or scan to and from your smart devices.  - Compact and sturdy build  - peer-to-peer wifi for printing when you don't have a wifi network around you  Cons:  - the printer tray seems like a makeshift solution and feels very tacky and weak  - the printing speed is slow. it takes its own sweet amount of time even to print B&W text-only pages  - many online reviews say that it consumes a lot of ink, but i haven't used the printer as much to be able to comment
+ The 3545 is easy to setup and takes very minimal effort/knowledge to setup. The wiFi surely works like a dream and I have tried almost all print options with ease.  The print quality is amazing; the photo prints on regular A4 size paper was awesome and finishing was super. Haven't tried this on the photo paper yet but will do very soon.  The scanner is high quality and easy to use both from the printer by itself or from the hp application that comes along for install via CD.  Recommended for home purposes but I would say it is good for office use as well.  Been using it for a week now and so far its performed better than desired. Amazing value for money!
+ A high resolution scanning can result in huge RAW data but final image file not going to be larger than 100MBs. While scanning in 2400dpi mode, it takes ~4min to complete a 4x3 photo but at the end gives error that computer doesn't have enough memory even for system with 8GB RAM. HP need to correct this, instead of using RAM it should store RAW data as temporary file in HDD and generate required image after post processing the temporary file. I would like to digitize all old photos in high resolution, but this error is disappointing.  Connecting to home Wireless was very simple, Printing also enough for home use. I will be delighted if high resolution scanning works fine
+ I had purchased the HP Deskjet Ink Advantage 3545-e-All-in-one printer after going through its features and comparing my own requirements.  It is a fantastic equipment and met my expectation at a price I feel was very reasonable.  Amazon.in was very efficient in delivering the product as per their promise and overall it has been a fantastic experience.  I have used the printer to copy, print and scan.  It is very very good.  Only improvement required, if any, would be to make the procedure for using wireless a little easier to understand for the user and straightforward.  I still have figure it out and hope to do that pretty soon.
+ Great service by amazon. very good packing thumbs up for dat. as for printer it is very compact, light, good built, very easy to install and use. More than Worth every penny u paid. Thumbs up to Croma retail for pricing competitively
+ Awesome for this price range.  Amazon shipped via India Post, and it took a whole week, which is normally 2 or 3 days. But no complaints.  Good points: +WiFi: Easy setup (yeah, password entry is mess, but with available keys, it is still okay). No problems in mobile and laptop detecting printer. +Print: Butter smooth. Printing is very easy from Android and Windows. Double sided printing is best option. Printed color photo on normal page, looks quite okay. +Copy: Not tried yet. +Scan: Works from Windows and Android. For Android needs HP All-in-One remote application, scanning preview etc. are really good options. Scanned files can be directly stored as PDF on device (multiple page option is also available). +HP software: HP utilities are nice, all printer information e.g. ink level etc. can be seen.  Not so good points: -Print: While printing from Windows, HP software shows some window stating 'collect reward'. And this blocks the printing!!! Why? -Scan: Can not directly store to USB pendrive and/or network destination (at least I could not manage). No OCR! -HP software: No Linux support :( But, yeah, drivers are readily available in Ubuntu.
+ DESIGN This is my second printer after the HP deskjet F370 AIO which looked like a box so design-wise it's a major upgrade. The control panel is well designed and user friendly though it's no way a &#34;high resolution&#34; screen as mentioned in the description  WORKING Wireless with laptop Setting up is simple. Prints at a fair speed and scanning is easy through the software provided. Scanning by using the control panel on the device works well too!  HP ePrint appl on Android device I'm not sure if the ePrint app is very useful as printing can also be done using Google's Cloud Print service. Nevertheless, it was hassle free but the speed of printing was considerably slower than that using laptop. No scan option available on ePrint app.  HP All-in-One Printer Remote app on iPad Very good app! Printing works fine plus there's the option to scan, save, email the scanned file or upload on cloud accounts like Dropbox etc.  (Both these apps are available on Android as well as iOS)  CARTRIDGE The black ink cartridge is performing as advertised. However, I was a little disappointed with the colour ink usage. I print just one page with black text and a small picture about 2x2 inches with economical setting i.e not the best quality, and the ink level is down by about 20.
+ Received the product in good packaging. Removing the packing was a bit of a hassle, but understandable due to the nature of product.  After removing the package, found the printer in excellent condition. The setup instructions were a little but cryptic - all pictures and no words. As a computer science graduate, I didn't face any problems. But this might be difficult for an average guy.  Setting up wifi was smooth. The mono lcd display is very useful. After the initial test page printing and scanning, all was good to go.  It's been only two days but the color ink consumption seems high. Maybe I am using a higher quality printing option here. Need to check that.  Other slight problems I would say are slow printing speed and shaking during printing. Even a black and white print took about 40 seconds to finish. Scan quality is great and copy function works flawlessly. Duplex printing is added advantage.  Verdict - Recommended for home use.
+ 1. Came with one grey scale and one color ( 3 scales) cartridge. By the time I calibrated the printer, the color cartridge was already displaying visible decrease in ink levels ( may be at 90 % - the display on the printer just shows a bar, no numeric value). 2. Print Quality for color : good( not vibrant). Grey scale : better than the color. May be it depends on the cartridge, but I am not sure. 3. initial setup of the printer was very easy. My 9 year old son was able to see the docu and understand and do that . 4. Wi-Fi Setup : I spent hours installing the driver software on my Windows 8.1 laptop as I did not realize Wifi direct had to be explicitly set to &#34;ON&#34; before setup. But after I realized that, it was a breeze. 5. Ease of operation : Very easy and convenient  to use.  Directly scan documents from printer and it opens up on the computer. 6. Speed : Startup : &#62; 1 minute ( feels like , I did not measure)   Print  : Takes half a minute for a b/w print   Scan : Same as that of print.  Mobile app is very convenient - hope it was not a 25 MB app !!!
+ This e-all-in-one produces borderless, lab-quality photos and laser-sharp documents you need for lesswith low-cost, Original HP ink cartridges.1 Print wirelessly from virtually anywhere, using your smartphone, tablet, and Internet-connected PC.2  Affordable, lab-quality photos and laser-sharp documents printed from virtually anywhere, using your smartphone, tablet, and Internet-connected PC.  Features  Tackle any task for less1  Low cost, high expectationsquality printing for less, using Original HP ink cartridges.1 Reliable performanceprint more for less and avoid risky refills with the world's No. 1 printer brand.5 Put your best print forward. Create borderless, lab-quality photos and laser-sharp documents with ease. Inspire life with every printget news, fun, and savings delivered to your printer with HP Printables.6  Print wirelessly from virtually anywhere2  Print wirelessly from virtually anywhere, using your smartphone, tablet, and Internet-connected PC.2 Always have your printer on handscan directly to your mobile device with the HP Printer Control app.3 Get right to printing. Set up quickly out of the box and connect to your wireless network automatically.7 Conserve resources without slowing down  Both sides of savingssave time and paper with automatic two-sided printing.  Designed to conserve. Save energy with an e-all-in-one thats ENERGY STAR qualified. Small effort, big impact. Count on free cartridge recycling through HP Planet Partners.4
+ I have been using HP Photosmart C4488 before I moved to this. Compared to that, this is a very good printer. The cartridge prices are almost half of what I was paying and with about 30-40 pages a month, this does becomes important.  The printer is very sleek and of good quality. The printing is decent. For photos, I have been printing A4 size cards, 4x6 size photos and if you use photo paper, the results are good.  The wifi capabilities are Ok. With Air Print, I almost run into some issue. Sometimes I need to restart the printer, at times I need to disconnect and connect wifi on iPad. Strangely, my iphone always picks this up. So not sure, where is the problem, if any.  The printing speed is quite good for B&W and Ok for color pages.  Overall, a very decent printer for this price. And for school assignments for kids, and basic infrequent printing, it does the job without any hassle.  Very satisfied with this purchase.
+ I was looking for replacing my old HP printer. Couple of things, I was looking for:  1. Price of cartridge should be less - For my old printer it was costing around 1800/- for each cartridge :(. 2. Ease of use - preferably wifi based, so that it's easier to use. 3. Print quality should be acceptable.  HP 3545 printer addressed all of the above. With excellent Amazon service, it got delivered within a day; simply love that about Amazon :).  Setting up the printer was easy for me. But people with little less knowledge of wifi, might need to refer to the manual; but should not be so difficult. ePrint facility is also cool, but not sure if I will be using it a lot. Have printed from my mobile, as well; needed to download HP eprint app for Android.  Print quality is good and acceptable for regular daily use for my daughter's school projects. Overall it's a good product with features, in this price range. Go, get it !!
+ + Amazon delivery was ahead of committed date and well-packed. + Setup was easy. Connection to WiFi worked first time. + Installing the two included cartridges was a little confusing but could figure it out. + Installed printer driver on laptop and able to print wirelessly. (Not tried printing from mobile) + Copy worked well (not tried scan yet)  - After about a month of use, printer stopped printing black colour. After a lot of research, seemed the issue was with blocked cartridge. After keeping the cartridge face down outside for a day, started working again. - Loading paper sheet by sheet is a hassle when printing large number of pages - Sometimes the status reported on laptop is not right - even when the printer is on, it says offline. Need to reset to detect.  Overall, good printer for home, low use such quick print/copy when shops are closed or for kids's projects.. Not sure for home-office kind of use
+ HP Deskjet Ink Advantage 3545E All In One Inkjet Printer is good. It prints well and scans well. It is economical with its ink and so its ink cartridge lasts for a long time. In fact it still works after many months of usage. So, a few days back, I ordered one for my son as well. I have deducted one star because of HP service. It should charge another Rs 300 and install the printer so that the user becomes fully conversant with its usage. During scan, some times it gives the message of not communicating with the computer but gives no suggestion of how to rectify it. One has to spend lot of time trying to solve the problem. The problem accrues when you buy from Amazon, as a retail dealer agrees to give you demo. Would Amazon do some thing in this respect and liasing with HP make its buyer the same service as any other dealer? I purchased it from Amazon.in so it should have been labelled 'Verified Purchase' but it is not.
+ To be honest, I do not like the external plastic casing. It doesnt provide the assurance of sturdiness to the skeleton of the stick. But to my surprise, it survived a day-long soak in detergent followed by machine wash while I forgot it in my jeans' pocket. Unfortunately, mobile phones do not identify NTFS file system (the FAT and others donot support file sizes greater than 4GB) so most times even though my SD card could hold the files, I could not copy or transfer them, just because the phone won't support it. Not a fault of the USB Storage, but still a drawback. Provides upto 50MBps transfer rates on USB 3.0 port, much less on USB 2.0. Nonetheless, I am getting a 32GB piece soon enough.
+ Product is awesome. I've got it within 4-5 days.And it's cost me just 509 rs.It has capacity of 14.85 gb..which is good enough for a 16 gb pen drive..as it is a 3.0 version it is lightening fast..it has read speed of 130 mbps and write speed of 30-35 mbps..though I hv used it in 2.0 port..I guess it should hv the top speed of 40-50 mbps in 3.0 port..I am using it in my canvas 2 colors phone..and it's working smoothly.. Though there is just one heating problem with this otg pen drive.. Though it's not that bad..so I'll say if you want a affordable and Quite fascinating otg pen drive..just go for it..though before buying the product just make sure your phone is compatible with this product.
+ A bit hard to slide both sides when in need because of the rigid locking mechanism San disk has provided for the drive. Otherwise, it is an easy to use drive.  A few key points: Go to Google play and download squirrel logo SanDisk app and connect it to ur handset. Onlybsamsung, HTC, spice, Moto G devices detected the drive. However, the san disk app doesn't detect the drive if it is NTFS formatted. Only extFAT or FAT32 supported.  Motorola Nexus 6  did not recognise the drive at all. After searching one forum suggested to try Nexus Media app from Google play. That did the trick. This app is able to read NTF S as well as any other type of formatting.
+ i have used many pendrives with my usb 2.0 and usb 3.0 but this sandisk ultra is the best among those within 475 only!! average writing speed 20 mbps and reading speed 40 mbps with 2.0 port and with 3.0 the speed is double!! realy value of time and value of money!!! if anyone is looking for a good pen drive with 5year warranty then i strongly recommend them for it!! and atlast the flipkart delivery!!!! wooooowwww its just awesome as usual!!! u guyzz just rockssss!! makes delivery faster than electric!!great jobb guyzzz and atlast the packing!! great safety!
+ I got this pen drive for 490rs and is pretty cheaper compared to other companies. Here are some pros and cons of the product. Pros- 1. Very small in size so can be kept attached to phone. 2. Does not heat up much. A little heatintg  can be observed. 3. Very high transfer speeds as mentioned by the company  Cons- 1. The other connector is not very firm. It gets loosened after 3-4 weeks. 2. Does not fit if the USB ports of pc are tightly spaced.  So summing up, not much of cons and lots of pros.
+ Worth the money. Even though Flipkart is now offering the same at 200 Rs. below the price I paid, no regrets. Works well with all operating systems and compatible with my outdates tiny phone Xperia U. Loving it
+ The otg works fine on my Zenfone and Nexus 7 2012.I purchased the 16gb version,comes 14.48 out of the box.I am content with the product but the slider is somewhat flimsy,feels won't last long on excess use.But I will wait and see,and update after a month.For meanwhile happy with the product. P.S-Use ES File Explorer if your device doesn't get detected and make sure your device support OTG. Amazon delivery was fast too.So kudos to Amazon.
+ Good useful item. Checked the speed on my laptop read speed of around 105 MB/s write speed of 83 MB/s Like: Fast speed (USB 3.0), dual use at PC & mobile. Dislike: Somewhat flimsy built  Note: Some android mobiles support OTG without any driver, some need driver software to use OTG drives (like mine, i.e., Moto G). Few mobiles/tabs don't support OTG (e.g., few Samsung products). So please check your device before buying.
+ Great product at a reasonable price. I got it for Rs 748. I am inclined to give it only four stars because of its extra small size and the fact that it cannot be connected to the phone and the computer at the same time. Another thing is that it should not be left connected to the phone for long as it draws power from it and drains its battery. Overall I am satisfied with the product and would certainly recommend it.
+ Speed is good on PC because of the USB 3.0 connection.  Heats a lot while connected to mobile as OTG drive and drains battery too fast.
+ Excellent product, but sandisk should look into design, it obstruct using nearby slot. Device heated up quickly within 2 min.
+ It arrived 4 days before the date specified. I.e it arrived the next day &amp; I could not collect it. It was 709 for 32 GB and I collected the product 6-8 kms from the given location because I was not available at the given address. The delivery was good! And the product is worth every penny. Write speed USB 3 - 38 Mbps and for USB 2 - 17 Mbps Works fine with Mob Heats up too much. On both PC &amp; Mob
+ This product is awesome and a gem for mobile phone users who face limited memory issues. You can buy it without any second thoughts.. Works smooth on Nexus 5, easily recognizable on Marsh-mellow / Lollipop (need ES file explorer- a super app).  Thanks Amazon for putting it up for the best price.. And yeah much thanks for delivering it in 1 business day w/o additional charges :)
+ Got this item 4 days back... it is really awesome with good data transfer rate...Easily connected with my android tablet....  The only thing which bothers me about this product is, its sliding technique which is not really smooth... and becomes heated on data transfer. if this heating is not a problem then i would like to rate it 4 STARS... The best part is company gives 5 year of warranty...
+ Great Product from Sandisk....  For mobile it works only with Andriod Kitkat Version Not below that. If your using Kitkat Andriod mobile u can go for it. Still if anybody facing problem please download any file manger it works with file maker only. u can copy-past any thing in plug & play manner which i liked it very much. instead to connect my mobile to system and its virus free also..
+ excellent product !!! loving the delivery of amazon u find that product is tiny compared to images works fine.. pros: 1) speeds ok but not tried with 3.0 port of pc only tried 2.0 speeds upto 37-40 mbps 2)looks good cons: 1) careful while using it habitual usage of open &close may loose its body 2) heats up a lil bit which is common!!  thank u
+ Flash Drive i received was smaller compared to what i was expecting.. Smaller than your thumb but the functioning is pretty good. As long as the inbuilt driver software stays in the open page of the flash drive it runs quite well and also pretty fast too.. works well as an external storage device instead of installing phone applications which leads to lagging and hangup of phone constantly.
+ I really don't like USB drives with retractable parts, but I don't doubt the quality of the product. Would have gone for the Kingston device if not for the 90 position of the micro USB cap when it is open (at-least they could have made it flip open in the other direction). Write speed with an HP Pavilion laptop is about 21MB/s, but read speed (un-fragmented 2GB file) was more than 100MB/s.
+ Very Good product . a multipurpose pen drive can be used in Moble as well as laptop . Pros: Multi utility with no extra cost., no requirement of extra gadget, speeds are good in case of USB3.0 compatibility ( tried and meeting the superfast speed of download/upload. Cons : Bit lazy design may be not very durable in long run. So I can say good Quality but not meet the Reliability.
+ An Excellent item in this price range Buy it without any  hesitation and stop searching for a better one.  This is a USB 3.0 accessory and fast enough as expected. No glitch in compatibility with any OTG - enabled device. Con Sockets are a bit loose. Take care when you fit it into your set. Note that you cannot write and transfer  simultaneously on this USB device.
+ Best USB EVER!! Just stop reading and buy it before it goes out of stock. I have the 16, 32 and now 64gb versions of this. The only issue is that it heats up when you use it. So what?? Same goes for everything. The heat doesn't do any damage to this beauty. Its awesome and fast. Has OTG plus 3.0 for computers. Small and fits in your wallet. Just buy it. Its maximum gonna cost you 3 or 4 dinners worth. Just save up on those &#34;3&#34; or &#34;4&#34; meals and BUY THIS!!! :P
+ It get very hot when I connect it with my mobile.after it deliverd by Amazon I quickly use it but this pendrive vigorously get hot about to 40-42c.
+ The device arrived well before the estimated delivery date. It's compact, has a loop to put it on a key chain, protects both the full USB and micro USB connectors by allowing them both to retract, and appears to be fast. The slider to pop out the connectors doesn't give me the feeling that it'll last very long though, and it's almost a cube - it would gave felt better if it were longer to reduce the width - I've dropped one star for these two reasons.
+ I am a devoted SanDisk user.  This flash drive is very good with one Micro USB and one normal USB end to flick into either your mobile, tablet or any such storage and the next moment you can shift it to your laptop or desktop.  The transfer speed is really good.  Copying Word documents of 6 MB was just breathtakingly fast.  It was just a drag and drop.  You don't even see the 'Copying file, time left... so many seconds' information box appearing.
+ The product itself is very tiny! Afterall good things comes in small packages!! Speeds are quite nice for both the ends and software provided is also useful. An aap is also present for smartphones which is also very good for boosting phone memory by releasing phone memory. The only cons I got is that it gets heated up a bit while using it...other than that no other issues till date... I bought it and finally I am a satisfied customer!
+ Effective and Handy, don't expect super speeds, it depends on your device and kind of data that you transfer, but most importantly its a compatible device without using the OTG cabel. No doubt in package or the conditions, its amazon fulfilled so no hassles at all. Overall it is nice to use it and I always take backups of my data through it. No problems till now. Highly recommend it for those whose phone is ending in saying low storage space.
+ The Package arrived on time & packing is also good. It Has a full storage space! & the speed of reading & writing is also too good! 
+ This is the most versatile pendrive that I ever had. Read and write speeds are as good as the regular SanDisk usb 3.0 drive. OTG is really useful especially when you do most of your stuff on a phone or tablet. I can download content on the go and put it on pendrive and get prints from market! As easy as it gets. Think no further, go for it! Only con is that the sliding mechanism is a bit flimsy, hope it's fixed in next iteration.
+ This product is soo very useful. Its very small in size..easy to carry. I use to keep this pendrive in my wallet all the time, as my ph memory got full then, i simply plugin this pendrive directly in phone and transfer the data..soo easy. After that, can easily transfer it to my lappy..with out any cable or any external OTG adapter. Really friends this pendrive makes my data transfer mechanism soooooo very easy. Buy it.. you wont regret.
+ So it was a speedy delivery, nevertheless, do not mistake it as a 130 MBps writing speed. It is its read speed I guess that its capable off that highlighted mark. Maximum write speed I've got was 25 MBps on a Dual Intel Xeon server (just mentioning that my system is galaxy more capable) OTG support is really very welcome though. Considering its pendrive/otg with 64 gigs of storage, at this price it is worth the amount you Rs/-1450.
+ Delivery: it was quick and within scheduled period. Cost: Relatively better priced than market and other e-commerce sites. Product: 1. Black color with subtle design looks good. 2. It's just about the right size, not small to get lost in your laptop pockets and not too big to occupy space or look like a WiFi dongle. 3. Data transfer rate is amazing. 4. The knob to change the pin is not smooth but OK .
+ extremely good space in a small package which can be used with mobiles and standard USB socket as well.  Product arrived a week earlier than intimated.  However the slider lock could have been more firm, cause at times whilst pushing in the drive, the slider moves and withdraws.  however at times it is not compatible with some recording media.  EG media recorded via blue tooth cannot be recognised by this drive and it cannot copy.
+ Good Pendrive. Connects to most of the android devices without any difficulty. Makes data transfer between android devices easy.  Pros: - Very fast transfer speed as it is USB 3.0 - Size is compact (Considering 32 GB capacity OTG).  Con: I faced only one issue so far, sometimes while connecting to PC, the pen drive's USB connector tends to push back. So, need to hold the slider and push it.
+ This product is awesome.. Bit small, but perfectly handy. The write speed is good, if not the best and the ease of access on a phone is indeed phenomenal.  Before buying, one must note that they should be checking whether or not their phones support OTG. Moto G, Oneplus, Samsung all of the phones I have used this pendrive and they work good but couldn't work with Nexus 4.  The Amazon service is good as usual.
+ Awesome Product ! Works fine as feather with my Nexus 5 and all other devices I have tried. Gives high speed data transfer speed with computer too. Pattern design is sexy as hell. Though sometimes it gets difficult to insert another USB in adjacent port because of the metal piece (gets annoying sometimes. Don't know why SanDisk had to give it.). Overall great flash drive. OTG + USB 3.0 combo is amazing. Grab it while in offer.
+ This was my first purchase from Amazon. Gr8 experience. Certainly better than flipkart. Better price. Timely delivery. This USB drive was smaller than I expected. It's actually very tiny. Good speeds on USB 3.0. On my test copy I got a write speed of above 25 MB/s. Micro USB connects well with mobile. Looks good, gr8 performance. Only downside is questionable build quality, it kind of squeaks when you slide USB out.
+ Seller from whom I got is Cloudtail. I feel seller info is very important as some sellers send wrong product.  Now the review. The product is amazing. On usb 3.0 interface, It showed 95mb read speed and write speed of 23mb.  The OTG interface is add-on for mobile. The write speed on mobile was around 18mb which is quiet good.  All in all, a good product.  Seller is trustworthy.
+ I picked up this flash drive since I transfer files a lot from my PC to my phone and back. The build quality on its own feels pretty good, but it doesn't open or close very smoothly. And then when it is open, it doesn't stay locked very well. It was recognized on my Samsung  S4 , 'note 5 and on my Windows 8 ,Window 7 PC. Overall, I'm happy with it. It will serve my purpose; it just has a few minor flaws.
+ This tiny flash drive is as much as useful as much as you can think. Take you music, Videos, etc stuff right with you and plug it in any smartphone (with OTG support) and you have all your files right there. Specially useful if you have multiple device (Mobiles, PC's) and of course can be used as a normal usb pendrive for TV's, Blu-Ray etc.  In the image you can have an idea of how tiny it is
+ Very goid product and I love it. Good writing and reading speed. I have been experiencing about 15mbps write speed while using with laptop(usb 2.0 port and I dont about the speed on usb 3.0 port. Should be better) Otg support is the main highlight of the product. Works well with my phone also.  The only problem is, it get heated up for very small time of use. Thats the only drawback that I have found.
+ *** USB 3.0 Read - 144 MB/s / Write - 40 MB/s (32 GB version) *** MicroUSB (connected to smartphone / tab) - Read - 28 MB/s / Write - 20 MB/s (32 GB version) *** Small in size. *** Not as expensive as Corsair. *** 5 Years Warranty. In case anything happens, SanDisk customer support is great. *** Light weight. *** Doesn't heat up after extended use. *** It is a 100% genuine product Please Hit the 'YES'  button If you found this Review Helpful. It encourages me to inspect more and more products so that you could have only the Right Products.
+ Good pendrive. One side has normal usb and other has micro usb for otg. One nice feature is when you insert it in phone usb it makes a click which confirms that its inserted properly. Available space is 14.50 GB in NTFS format. Speed: In 3.0 is around 21~22 MB/s In 2.0 is around 12~16 MB/s When attached to my Oneplus One it gives around 18 MB/s All in all very small, 3.1x1.1x0.8 cm (LxBxH) and good product. Only thing is it gets warm when attached to pc or phone. But dont worry not too hot to kill itself/cause any problem or hamper transfer speeds.
+ Cheap and good to use.. Pros: Utility pendrive anywhere you can use.   Supports wide range of phones. Including my Sony Xperia Z1.   Speeds on PC USB 3.0 22MB/s (write) 128MB/s (Read)   Speeds on PC USB 2.0 16MB/s (write) 30MB/s (Read)   Speeds on Phone 15MB/s (write) Cons: Heats up quickly. But that doesn't creates an issue.   Write speeds on USB 3.0 are not like the Sandisk Ultra CZ48 dedicated pendrive i.e 48MB/s (Write). Therefore this one has different microchip in respect to the dedicated one.  Overall 4 Star. Happy Buying.
+ This one is a must have Pen Drive & I mean it. In 555 you are getting a 16GB  3.0 PD with 18 MBps writing & 80 MBps reading speed. It also has OTG support inbuilt which is the best part, I do not have to carry a OTG cable for transferring data form & in my Oneplus One. Now, the cons are that the metal part do get hot & the slider is a bit clumsy. But they can be neglected as the price is just 555 INR.
+ It is a great way to boost your phones storage capacity. However, to take things further, how about having a micrso SD card slot as well so that we can expand the capacity of this device itself? Wouldn't that be great? I bet it would be an unbeatable mobile accessories for quite a sometime. And so I seriously hope that the manufacturers at SanDisk are following the reviews of this product to soon come up with the desired addition. Once again great invention, can still be perfected with the card slot addition. Looking forward to it then.
+ The Product is great. A must have for every user. The micro port will not work with iPhones though. Please verify / check the sender. If the product is fake or genuine.
+ Everything is fine, speed of transfer, build quality, etc.  The &#34;pin&#34; used to move for using the USB and micro USB ports might take some getting used to.  Does not work on all phones. Worked only on Samsung E7 and J7. Worked with Moto G 2nd Gen only once!  I do not understand why it(almost all products) is advertised as 64GB but has only 57GB memory! Its ok if a 4GB pen has something like 3.7GB but advertising as 64GB pen drive and providing only 57GB is just cheating customers!
+ Nice Item that works great with OTG enabled phones and PC. Pros: We can connect to pc and OTG enabled phones. Getting speed of upto 14MB/s(Read) on OTG and 20MB/s(Read) on USB 2.0. Hope it will give a better performance on usb 3.0 Good length for the otg side this helps to connect with phone even if we are using good cases  Cons: Need to improve the build quality a little bit. Chance to have issues with the sliding button.  Overall its a value for money product.
+ Amazing gadget. Works perfectly with my nexus 5 and laptop.  Its wonderous how compact it is!  It could have been better if the port design was different.  In the sense,  if you have finished your transfer and want to retract both ports,  you can't because there's a slight play.  So either the usb 3 port or the micro usb port are always projecting out ever so slightly. You can understand the potential damage which might occur if not handled and stored extremely cautiously.  Cheers amazon.
+ Had a eye on this USB drive since a long time. Was confused whether to go for a 32gb or a 64 gb one and if it will work with my OnePlus one. The first one that got delivered had some issue with the mini usb connector but Amazon did great in replacing the item with a new one quickly. I have been using the product for  2 weeks now and i can say it is well worth the purchase. As others have mentioned, the connecting slider looks a bit fragile but overall i am happy with the product and the transfer speed.
+ Pros:- Pen drive is Extra ordinary,  Copying speed:- To PC  upto 130 Mbps To mobile 30 mbps OTG Connectivity  Cons- Slider button is delicate
+ High storage. Jst a little rough in changing modes from usb to otg and vice versa. But still best product as a substitute SD Card.
+ Pros: A solid compact OTG drive from Sandisk. Genuine USB 3.0 drive with average Read 80 MB/s, Write 35 MB/s One of the best OTGs I've come across in overall performance. Seems to be a COB drive Price is within Rs.1400. Worth buying  Cons: Write speed could be a bit higher. Price could be a bit less
+ Amazed.  Ordered on 18th Nov, expected delivery was on 21st Nov, but I got it on 20th Nov. Thanks to Amazon & seller (Cloudtail India Pvt. Ltd.). I bought this PD for 517 including deilvery charges, and the price is low as comapred to Flipkart. Overall product is good. I am satisfied with performance. Thanks again Amazon.
+ I will not go into read and write speed details as many people have already shared their views on the same. I am only going to share some of it's specialities based on which you can decide whether to go for it or not.  1. It's too beautiful and stylish. 2. Compact look, small in size. 3. Easy to carry. 4. Both ends have opening for USB and OTG connector respectively which comes out when nob is pressed and goes inside the Flash drive's body when pressed again. 5. The nob can be pressed and based on your need USB or OTG can be used.  Now there are one or two points which can be negative points about this Flash drive.  1. As it is very small in size, it may get misplaced so extra care in carrying it has to be taken. 2. I think by time, both the ends of USB and OTG may become somewhere loose.  If I have to sum it up, I will say just one thing..&#34;Go for it&#34;.
+ ordered this pendrive on 15th june had it by 16th june so a gigantic thank you to &#34;amazon transportation service&#34;. this a nice little device,used the otg on htc one e8, samsung note gtn7000 and lg g3beat, works well on three got 20mbps write speed and it doesnt heats up as some people might have been suggesting. Watched videos from it and its super speedy no lag in playing videos(all 1080p) to scrolling videos. all in all a good product
+ Well got this product for a decent price Rs. 698. It works well as the specs are mentioned the transfer speeds are decent. Just one bads about this product it gets headed up after use of an hour or two. Otherwise this is indeed value for money stuff.
+ I'm a normal user  who uses pen drives monthly once or twice,  i bought this- speeds are very good with 3.0, otg is very helpful.  There's nothing wrong buying it. Packaging good, delivery is instant. Go for it
+ I giftwrapped this item to be sent as a gift. But, Little did I know that they would enclose the receipt with the cost along with the gift wrap. All the FAQs snowed otherwise. I had to grab it before it was delivered and remove the receipt  Anyways, apart them that, the delivery was quick, and this product is actually good. I gave this to my brother, and he was a kind of person whom never bother to use laptop for data transfer and carry around a UsB data cable to transfer to phone. Now I guess, he could simply copy to this flash disk and use it on mobile. It hAve a 2-way slider to select the USB, mini-USB Or the USB
+ Really a impressive prodct from sandisk... Works amazingly in 3.0 slot and better at 2.0 slot... Otg works evenly well.. Small compact design designed great.. Worth buy...bought it for 499
+ Samsung Evo Cards use TLC nands, but they are definitely better than the other ' Value ' choices in the price bracket. According to A1 SD Bench it gives 27 MB read speed and 17.5 MB write speed inside my phone. Which is more than enough. This card is built to withstand elements. If you want exceptional performance,like faster gallery loading times, look at Samsung PRO line up, as they offer excellent Value for Money.  Also i might add a note to genuine or not issue posted by many reviewers. As it turns out that you cant register a Micro SD card in Samsung website, you can register TV, smart phone etc. New Samsung EVO cards doesn't have the arrows and you can check if the card is genuine by checking its transfer speeds. Also the sides of genuine card will be white and the fake ones will be black. Genuine cards are made in Philippines also.  Last but not least, i too have purchased the card depicted here by many as fake ( The graphics without arrow and white writings instead of grey ) but when i ran benchmarks with that i got exactly the advertised speed by Samsung, Write 12 Mbps and Read 40 Mbps.At least if they are fake,they perform as good as the Genuine ones. Hope this helps
+ I received this card on 28th Sept 2015. Am using this card in Dell Venue Tab 3740 and no issue is observed.  Points to be noted:  This is Genuine card  Made in Philippines  You wont be able to register this card on samsung.com as company itself dont have any option to register this item and many other small peripheral products.. as per my call with samsung service. U just need a bill for warranty.  Usable storage is 14.91 GB out of 16 GB  Model code is MB-MP16D/IN  ( this is valid code as verified on samsung.com and /IN in code stands for INDIA, means its made for India)  Model no. MB-MP16D  No issues in formating.. Unmounting and Mointing from Android  Many people have said about ARROW symbol.. Let me clear .. That Arrow symbol comes only on packs which contains Card and Adapter.. Only Card packs has no Arrow symbol on card.. Arrow is just to guide the direction to insert in adapter.. Its NOT a symbol of genuinity. I verified around 20 packs in Mumbai market n giving verdict.  Go ahead and buy in cheap rate here.. Market rate is around Rs 500/-  If any inputs plz update..
+ 100% Authentic ORIGINAL PRODUCT. (Though it doesn't have arrow mark & made in Phillippines) So Don't get carried away with Rumors. Amazon has given the WONDERFUL Feature of 10 days Window time to try it by yourself Rather than fall under False Review/Bad Experiences. I was Skeptic to Receive the delivery of the PRODUCT but it was Delight to see its Performance. Sometimes people compare the product with not the same standard resulting in disappointment that's shows in review often.  DETAILS REVIEW oF SAMSUNG microSDHC UHS-I class10 16GB 48MB/s   DATA RATE: single Big Media File sent 1.4GB Using 3.0 Usb Dongle 12-14MB/s  min 12.5 , avg 12.5 to 13.1MB/s Using  sd card adapter (bit slow) upto 12MB/s  but above 10MB/s  FOr several small files send Collectively its speed degrade by 1Mb/s  Here I compared the Product With LEXAR 633x UHS-I class10 16GB 95MB/s (This is above the standard of comparison) === 16-18MB/s SanDisk Ultra UHS-I 10 8GB 48MB/s === 10-13MB/s SanDisk Ultra 10 16GB 48MB/s (this not have UHS_I feature)=== 12-14MB/s  And i find Samsung performing next to lexar and Almost equal to Sandisk UHS-I. ie it performing Normally like every ORIGINAL card of that class & standard meant to be performed.  THIS IS THE BEST YOU CAN GET IN THIS SEG. because class10 & class 10 UHS-I =Data transfer meant to be 10MB/s THOSE WHO TALKING OF 23MB/s and all they talking about class10 UHS-3= Data Transfer meant to be 30MB/s  PS: JUST GO FOR IT. IT IS ORIGINAL AND PERFORMANCE IS GREAT.
+ Good
+ Gr 8 memory card. I have compared with sandisk UHS-1 (Class 10) using h2test tool result is below  Sandisk... Warning: Only 1000 of 15185 MByte tested. Test finished without errors. You can now delete the test files *.h2w or verify them again. Writing speed: 7.50 MByte/s Reading speed: 27.6 MByte/s H2testw v1.4  Samsung Evo Warning: Only 10000 of 29972 MByte tested. Test finished without errors. You can now delete the test files *.h2w or verify them again. Writing speed: 17.2 MByte/s Reading speed: 27.7 MByte/s H2testw v1.4
+ On seeing and reading so many reviews I bought this Samsung evo 16GB for my mobile phone.  Looks Good, installed it in the mobile, and downloaded from my PC  11.8 GB in 19 minutes, the writing speed was 10.3/sec, thats what showed on my computer, is it good?  total 4655 items were written on the card. that included movies, music videos, songs, pictures, and PDF files. served my purpose.
+ I had the opportunity to compare the performance of the fastest microsd cards currently available from top manufacturers. All cards mentioned in this review are obtained from Amazon during the last week or two except when noted otherwise.  Test Setup: Lexar Professional workflow UR1 microsd card reader was used for all tests except when noted CrystalDiskMark 5.0.2 x64 was used to produce all the test results and was set up with 2 passes and 100MB read/write size All cards up to 32GB are formatted as FAT32 with 32KB allocation unit size, all 64GB cards are formatted exFAT with 128KB allocation unit size  Test Results (Numbers are Sequential Read, Sequential Write, 4K Random Read, 4K Random Write in MB/s, speeds greater than 10MB/s were rounded to the whole numbers)  16 GB Alphabetically Lexar 633x** -- 88, 25, 8.7, 1.2 Panasonic U3** -- 93, 42, 11, 0.7 Sandisk Extreme Pro -- 95, 80, 7.6, 2.6  32 GB Alphabetically Delkin U3 -- 93, 59, 11, 0.6 Kingston 90R/80W -- 93, 58, 11, 0.6 Lexar 1000x -- 90, 57, 10, 1.4 &#60;== the listed product Lexar 1000x with Bundled Reader* -- 148, 60, 10, 1.4 Patriot EP -- 90, 35, 10, 0.6 PNY Turbo Performance -- 91, 55, 6.9, 0.9 PNY Elite Performance Lime Green -- 94, 55, 7.4, 1.0 Samsung Pro gray -- 92, 82, 10, 3.6 Sandisk Extreme Pro -- 94, 87, 9, 3.0 Sony up to 95MB/s -- 91, 51, 4.8, 0.9 Transcend Ultimate 633x -- 93, 85, 8.1, 1.4  64 GB Alphabetically Delkin U3 -- 94, 27, 13, 0.3 Kingston 90R/80W -- 94, 25, 13, 0.3 Lexar 1000x -- 92, 56, 12, 1.5 Lexar 1000x with Bundled Reader* -- 153, 66, 11, 1.7 Patriot EP -- 81, 22, 11, 0.6 PNY Turbo Performance -- 92, 54, 6.9, 0.9 PNY Elite Performance Lime Green -- 92, 54, 7.5, 1.0 Samsung black -- 82, 20, 8.8, 2.1 Samsung Pro gray -- 90, 80, 10, 3.5 Samsung Pro+ *** -- 92, 86, 10, 5.3 Sandisk Extreme U3 -- 92, 88, 5.5, 0.5 Sandisk Extreme Plus U1 **** -- 92, 58, 10, 2.8 Sandisk Extreme Plus U3 -- 92, 88, 9.4, 2.9 Sandisk Extreme Pro - 97, 91, 10, 3.0 Sandisk Ultra ***** -- 46, 16, 7.0, 2.1 Sony up to 95MB/s -- 92, 49, 5.2, 0.9 Transcend Ultimate 633x -- 93, 83, 7.3, 1.4  128 GB Alphabetically Lexar 633x -- 78, 28, 3.3, 1.4 PNY High Performance -- 81, 22, 5.4, 0.9 Samsung EVO+ -- 82, 26, 5.9, 1,2 &#60;== the listed product, different capacity Sandisk Ultra -- 92, 19, 6.4, 2.4  * The Lexar 1000x card is the only UHS-II card available and tested, the bundled USB reader has extra pins for reading UHS-II card ** Came bundled with a device *** Purchased from a large west coast electronics retailer. This card is a new release and not currently available on Amazon. It is different from the gray-colored Pro card **** old model tested, not the current U3 model ***** old model tested  Fastest Sequential Read: All tested cards were able to accomplish &#62; 90MB/s, with the Lexar 1000x able to take advantage of UHS-II speed when using the bundled USB reader and leading the pack  Fastest Sequential Write: Sandisk Extreme Pro, Samsung Pro+, Transcend Ultimate 633x  Fastest Random Read: Kingston 90R/80W.  Fastest Random Write: Samsung Pro+  Best overall: Samsung Pro+ and Sandisk Extreme Pro  Other observations: Performance and price are not proportional when it comes to selecting a microSD card. Some of the worst performing cards in this review also happen to be the most expensive. Not all 633x cards are created equal. The two cards reviewed from Lexar and Transcend are both marked as 633x but vary in performance greatly. 4k video recording using action cams and drone cameras have a typical bitrate of 60mbps or 100mbps, corresponding to 7.5MB/s to 12.5MB/s. All cards in this review should theoretically be able to handle this usage easily. Using microsd card as supplemental phone storage potentially could benefit from a faster card,  Best Looking Card (if it matters): Sandisk Extreme Pro: Red/Gold with white print Lexar 1000x: White/Gold with Black/White print Samsung Pro+: White/Black with a red stripe and Black/White print PNY Turbo: Lime Green/Black with Black/White print
+ Performs beyond my expectation.  Test results using H2testw - Samsung EVO 16gb class 10 micro sdhc-purchased for Rs.485 -&#62;(Warning: Only 100 of 15271 MByte tested. Test finished without errors. You can now delete the test files *.h2w or verify them again. Writing speed: 11.8 MByte/s Reading speed: 18.9 MByte/s H2testw v1.4)  Sony 16GB SDHC Card - Class 10 - 40MBps - SF-16UY/T1-purchased for Rs.550 -&#62; (Warning: Only 100 of 12271 MByte tested. Test finished without errors. You can now delete the test files *.h2w or verify them again. Writing speed: 10.9 MByte/s Reading speed: 12.0 MByte/s H2testw v1.4)  Samsung EVO performs better than SONY in my SONY XPERIA mobile. SONY is too slow on mobile only 5 MByte/s writing speed. Samsung EVO has 8  MByte/s writing speed on mobile (Tested with A1 SD Bench). So I strongly recommend SAMSUNG EVO. Definitely value for money.
+ This is the best deal i ever meet with, a 16 GB class 10 evo in just 470 rs is fully delite to have n its avail on amazon only with this price. HERE THE CARD IS NOT WORKING IN BEST SPEED GIVEN MAY BE BECAUSE OF SOME UHS TECHNOLOGY OTHER THAN THAT MEMORY CARD N ADAPTER IS GREAT WORKING. LASTLY ADAPTER IS HERE ONLY SUPPORTING ITS MEMORY CARD NOT OTHERS.
+ *** Reading speed up to 48MB/s *** Writing speed up to 10MB/s ***  Product quality is good *** Made in the Philippines *** Flexible to use Samsung Evo in mobile Please Hit the YES  button If you found this Review Helpful. It encourages me to inspect more and more products so that you could have only the Right Products.
+ Fully satisfied. It was available at another place also at similar or even lower price. But when it comes to &#34;trust&#34; I trusted Amazon. Ofcourse Samsung is brand you cal rely. Its micro sd card Class 10 gives my phone completely new feel. I think if you are spending 10-15 K on mobile phone, you must spend another Rs 500 to this.
+ Reliable Super fast class 10 Highest storage capacity in this segment best performance Best for smart-phones tablets I love it & its perfect match for kitkat Its compact & handy Very easy to install Easy to setup Fastest data transfer rate captures camera video/snap faster than typical sd cards. Upto 35-40Mbps speed..
+ Value for money, in 475 INR it comes with an adopter which I use in my laptop to transfer images & movies from the card. Good product, using in my moto-g2
+ Probably the best class 10 memory cards out there. I have 3 of these now. 2 from amazon and one from flipkart. Amazon sells cheaper and provides better packaging. This card is for everyone who has a decent phone and doesnt want their phone to get slow when they load their card up with load of media.
+ I have been using it for over a month and I am satisfied with the performance of the SD card. The test results using the card separately on a PC and through a Windows Phone are given below.  SDHC Benchmarkinng using Windows PC CrystalDiskMark 4.0.3 x64 Test : 50 MiB [G: 43.6% (6.5/14.9 GiB)] (x1) Sequential Read  :  20.761 MB/s Sequential Write  :  9.438 MB/s Sequential Read (Q= 32) :  20.944 MB/s Sequential Write (Q= 32) :  10.801 MB/s  SDHC Benchmarkinng using Windows Phone App : SD Card Speed Write Speed  :  13.18 MB/s (Average of three results)  A class 10 SD card is a must for recording videos(especially 4k)  seamlessly and running large apps from SD card. The adapter provided is useful for connecting the SD card to older devices.
+ Always fast
+ Very good SD card ....super fast...apps are running very fast on my android 5.0.2 smartphone...really people I am not joking ...really buy this SD card because u get speed for this price ...did xray ....water proof.....tests on it and nothing happened... U can trust this SD card to store ur precious memories and data .....Only Pros and no cons ....iam saying this because I got it only for Rs.300 ....if the price is 350 and above its OK but if it is 400+ don't buy it u can get 32 GB.......OK...it is completely worth the price thankyoy Amazon......And one more thing...it is 100% original I checked it carefully...do not listen to rumors guys thankyou.... Pease press the helpful button below if u really liked my review......thankyou..all.!!!
+ It's nice but u claim a speed of 48Mbps but I get a max write speed of 19Mbps which is not bad too & the only drawback is it's warranty period of 6 months...I mean Sandisk comes with a 5yr warranty but speed wise Samsung is way ahead. Going with a 
+ Awesome product, awesome delivery service. On time, as promised. My friend used COD got product earlier than me even though he ordered after my order, on my recommendation, on second day.  Product is nice, transfer rate is good enough to utilize phone performance maximum. (some times slow transfer rate of sd card makes phone slower, especially when OS's major content are on memory card.). Transfer rate may vary,depending on the medium you use to transfer data, adapter, card reader, dongle. But with the help of proper transfer device, I was able to get 25mbps reading and 10mbps writing speed.  Thanks amazon great deal.. I could never had and will never have in future, this card for just 299/- only.
+ One of the Best ones out there. It is fast & reliable. Apart from its technical specification which makes it one of the best Class 10 Memory Card, it is truly good in most aspect. I am using it since i bought, i never had any issue. I love it . I recommend it to anyone who need large storage space and fast indeed. As we know , we have many apps and the use of phone has bulked up, you will need all the space you can get. I recommend this in place of small capacity version as you need huge size as the App size and amount of multimedia files you need to store. Just check the compatibility as i worked with my phone with ease.
+ This product is good,with best price,time take for delivary is also good. Speed is good. Price is lowest on amazon.
+ I purchased Asus Chromebook from US (as my alternate laptop) but forgot to buy SD Card from there. So In India I purchased this SD Card, Since chromebooks have limited desktop-type apps, this sd card's space is enough for my Chromebook. I am using it as my laptop Hard Disk.  Pros - Cheap - Fast - You can trust the Brand  Again Amazon service was icing on the cake.
+ The card performs as expected. ....great read and write speeds....go for this instead of sandiak ultra....its the best VFM
+ I was looking for a fast memory card to expand the memory of my cloud based laptop. Works perfectly with my Asus EEEbook.
+ DELIVERY - 10 out of 10 -  Super fast, i got it within 48 hrs. i loved it.  PACKAGING - 10 out of 10 - It was good. just the way i expected.  PRODUCT - 9 out of 10 - Works fine. i definitely like the EVO tech, works better with my samsung device... obviously.  But the   write speed is not 48 mbps, which they claim on the pack. Other than that its good. GO BUY IT.
+ using this product since 6-8 months and so far its performance is great..superb read/write speed. As it is class 10 so no comparision with other memory cards.. In this range.. Amazon's delivery speed is awesome.. I have always received products in 2-3 working days after ordering the product while other competitors were still busy in handling items to their respective shipping team..
+ its 1 of the best memory card; but Donno y Am not able 2 register for warranty online... is it a refurbished type.?
+ Reliable Super fast class 10 Highest storage capacity in this segment best performance Best for smart-phones tablets I love it & its perfect match for kitkat Its compact & handy Very easy to install Easy to setup Fastest data transfer rate captures camera video/snap faster than typical sd cards. Upto 35-40Mbps speed..
+ The deal is great, nice product, this card is no doubt the best product in class 10 range....only regret is the delivery time taken by amazon. In my remote location of west UP, they took 11 days to deliver the product although they deliver it 2 days before their estimated date, but if I compare to Flipkart (another trusted site), they hardly took 4 days to deliver me such a product, (like wise I have ordered a pendrive from Flip and it was with me in just 4 days), and trust me it was not the matter of availability. Amazon need to work with their logistics. Other than that, this card is great, works great with my smartphone moto E and transfer speed is good.I am not dealing with spec here you can google it. Compare to sandisk they are almost same just sandisk comes with 5yr warranty. Since my last card was of sandisk which got screwed due to major known problem of &#34;Right Protected Corruption&#34; with sandisk storage, after prolonged use, this time I go for samsung Evo series.
+ I don't know how good it is with a phone. I am trying to use it for raspberry pi. There are special instruction how to use 64gb card with pi.I faced some problem with downloading stuff, maybe raspberry pi does not play well with 64gb card. Even though the card is fine, its use with raspberry pi might force me to return it.  you get just below 60gb on this one.
+ Nice memory card as which I was expected the same came good the memory is workly excellent its much fast compared to other memory card good from amazon :)
+ VFM. Excellent Writes Speeds. Buy only Samsung if you want best Random and Sequential performance. Totally beats SANDISK Class 10 cards. Highly recommended
+ Dont worry bro... lts real if its made in korea...nd the arrow mark is not present in the newly manufactured memory card...i have got it checked from the samsung store...and also dont worry about the registration on the Samsung registration site...ur product wont get registered until u buy them and wait for 2-3 months bcoz it is d duty of amazon to register that product ...mine is not registered till now but it is working perfectly....i m totally satisfied....
+ Just got this delivered last week and still in the early phase of exploring its capacity. Chose Samsung EVO over Sandisk Ultra after extensive research and feedback from colleagues and friends. Meeting my expectations till now. Will update the post in  a few days if anything pops up!  Just to add on,  While trying to register the product on Samsung website, I am getting an error as Warranty Expired. Have written to the customer care and awaiting their reply
+ I got this product on Thursday 25 September 2014 for Rs.1193/-. I bought it for use in my  digital camera Sony WX350 Cyber-shot 18.2 MP. I use it with SD card adapter. It is still working great till today. The read/write speed is fast enough to record HD videos(thru phone/digiCam), and it can be used to take full resolution picture in continuous mode without any problem. I would recommend this to friends and other potential buyers
+ Amazing speed of copying. It has lived upto the expectations! ! I have similar Samsung 32gb card... which is not a evo branded one.. that stopped playing certain music types... i dowloaded multiple apps to make my music play... but in vain.. Before ysing this card... i got all my music copied from my desktop. .. and to my utter surprise all music formats run without any difficulties. .!!  I am loving this product for sure.
+ Really nice product for this price , i try to find 16gb sd card at local market 6 class cards costing me like 380-400 so it was a good deal , Getting 10 class micro sd for less price . working good , good speed not so fast as 48mbps but all file open quickly , system working on good speed , its not slowing down my phone , everything work good so 4 star from me . And I Don't THINK  ITS A  FAKE PRODUCT so just Buy it without THINKING TO MUCH .
+ The card is working pretty good with my Lumia 730. It is a little bit slower than SanDisk's 64GB Ultra card which costs pretty much the same but is a more stable card and is not prone to read/write errors. The warranty conditions are slightly weaker than what SanDisk offers. SanDisk guarantees a no questions asked hand to hand replacement if the card is not physically damaged. And that too any number of times within the card's warranty.
+ i have got this product for rs337-6.6%cashback i.e rs315  you can also buy from cashkaro and save thousands over Internet shopping(amazon, myntra, jabong, snapdeal&many more)and an unbelievable cash back of 20%on American swan's site . you may get extra 100rs credit if you join with the following link  http://cashkaro.com/r=119426  just copy the link in your browser's address bar and enjoy great savings
+ using it for 3 days,smooth and no glitches but it takes only 14Gb data(may be because 1gb=1024mb)!packaging is good too!value for money
+ Very fast delivery and very good product by Samsung ... gives really very fast speed of read and write. . ..... thanks AMAZON..!!!!!!
+ The external storage memory card I purchased for my mobile phone Samsung EVO MB-MP32DA micro SDHC 32GB is excellent and working fine.
+ The card is excellent. I transferred about 3 GB of data to the card on my Samsung Note 3 and it took about 3 minutes, i.e., about 17 mbps write speed. Also, no lag was observed and the phone operation is fluid like always. I suggest you go for this card without any hesitation.  Good job Samsung :)  P.S. Purchased it from Seller 'ANKITA INFOSYS' and was delivered in a nice package within the specified time.
+ Great value for money. It's costs much less than other MicroSDs with Class 10 category. Reading and Writing speeds are really good.
+ I'm using this card with Samsung S4 and the transfer speed is very fast.
+ I purchased this card for my fusion5 tablet. I find this card fast and reliable. Apart from its technical specification which makes it one of the best Class 10 Memory Card, it is truly good in most aspect. I am using it since i bought, i never had any issue. I love it . I recommend it to anyone who need large storage space and fast indeed. But do beware of fake ones as I had to visit 2 shops before I found real one.
+ much better perfomance than samsung evo 16 GB and even samsung evo plus 32 GB at least 20MBps write speed :D but among product reviews amazon is displaying samsung aevo 16 32 and 64 gb reviews together. bad idea since they offer different perfomance  #always buy memory devices from cloudtail on amazon. no need to fear duplicates and always lowest prices among all online and offline retailers
+ good quality
+ I have always been a fan of this product. The 1st one was stole. This is my second time.  Speed is very important now when you record HD video or transfer a movie through WiFi.  And this card does the job very well.  The warranty is a problem though. You don't get service centers for this. This card can only be replace. There will be only one place in the city which does the job.
+ Clearly thats why we call speed matters , Awesome product from samsung the speed is great compare to my previous samsung 8 gb card . great transfer rate also , i personally recommend this all to my friends.
+ Amazing product, Excellent Read/write speed. Cloudtail, Fulfilled by Amazon/100% original. I have reviewed comments before ordering it and many has mentioned it as fake product. But I thought to give a try.  After receiving the product, I have tried to register on Samsung product registration site and it has give me the error &#34;Invalid Serial No&#34;. Immediately I have contacted to Amazon and they were ready to refund the money if I feel it as fake product. But they suggest me to check with Samsung before making any decision.  I talked to Samsung and they said that &#34;There is no such facility to check/register memory card on website&#34;. Also, If you have received memory card in original packaging and have serial no on it then your product is 100% original. In case of any issue with the product within 10 years, you can go to our customer service center with product, packaging and Invoice copy.  A Big thank to Amazon team for amazing product, least price, quick service and excellent customer support. :)
+ Hi I had many kingston and transcend pen drives and memory cards and they were not reliable. They get corrupted and you can't claim a warranty on the product as there are many issues related to it. Inspite of having the bill and box, they say that the product is a duplicate one. So I decided to go for bigger brands. Over all I found SanDisk (memory cards and pen drives) and Samsung memory cards to be very good and quite reliable when compared to kingston and transcend. I gave it 4 stars because strotinum memory cards have a faster speed.
+ Out standing prodect....  but nnot 32gb only 29gb...
+ The memory card is absolutely fit and fine with a smart phone and every thing else you just name it. It can record HD videos at ease no glitch when it is taken it laptop by an adapter. Not quite aware of technical or engineering prospect but just as an user it is fine. You can use it in low budget digi cams, which will be usuable if you have an adapter and it will give you HD images, recordings hassle free. The effective memory is 14.8gb which I thought is should have been better so I have kept 1 star to myself  and giving it 4 star.
+ I bought two of them. One with adapter and one without. The one with adapter has Arrow Mark after EVO and is of darker color and is working better in some speed tests. The other one without adapter is without Arrow mark after EVO. Guys who want to check and register their product, use&#62;&#62; Model Code: MB-MP16D1 and Serial no. starting with MB.......written on the back of memory card. Off course if you have 32 GB model, use  Model Code: MB-MP32D1. Surprisingly my both cards got registered with Samsung and were under warranty.
+ This is the second time when I got duplicate or non standard product. I got this memory card samsung Evo 16 GB with 10th grade.This the very slow card to copy or receiving data. I think its very cheap quality product . I did not use this card after ordering because my old mobile phone was not compatible with 16 GB . So when i got my new phone which was supporting 32 GB ,but this memory card works very slowly. Please return my product otherwise i will sue in consumer court. It took more than one hour to copy 2 GB data from my PC.
+ I just started using this card. Here are my initial thoughts Actual size is around 14.9 GB not 16GB ( Samsung took 1000kb as 1 MB) Bundled with an SD adaptor - So connecting to a laptop is easy Writing speed through an SD slot Around 10 MB per second - But it is very slow if multiple small files are transferred Accessing the card is fast there is no loss of files or corrupted segments 10 years warranty ( Warranty is valid for only 1 year if used in surveillance systems) Competitively priced
+ Samsung Has Now Entered In a Competitive SD Cards Market & Is Proving a Game Changer Because Of Numerous Reasons: -Samsung Customer Support -Samsung's Brand Equity -Fabricated In Korea -Water Proof & X-Ray Protected -10 Year Limited Warrenty Against SanDisk's 7 Years -Competitively Priced Against The Likes Of SanDisk & Transcend. I Purchased It For My Samsung Galaxy Tab E, & Is Working Quite Well As It's Class 10, Is Gonna Work Quicker Against Old Class SD Cards..!
+ I've used both SanDisk and now this Samsung Evo SD card.I'm  writing this review  after using it for about six months. Even though it is class 10 SD card I at least get 13 MBps and  an average 15 MBps  write speed.  About read speed I get about 30 to 35 MBps.  I haven't faced any problems so far.  Don't think much about negative reviews here. Class 10 SD  card means theoretically you will get maximum 10 MBps write speed but still I get at least 13-15 MBps.  So don't think much and go for it!!
+ Awesome Samsung Evo 16GB 10 micro SDHC Card Recommended By www.MyHackingSchool.com  Transfer Faster  Transfer 180 photos per minute. With a transfer speed of up to 24MB per second, you can spend less time transferring memories, and more time making them.  Amazing Capacity  Save up to 18,630 photos, 550 minutes of video, and 7,490 songs. Download more media files and apps to your smart phone or tablet. And always know youve got plenty of space.
+ Let me be straight to u and tell ull this u cannot register memory cads on the smasung. Its not a heavy product for that! I visited Samsung service and its 100% samsung product.People have a thing where its branded lets register it. Just because the number is invalid dosnt mean its  fake.... Samsung has other works to do bro.. not just registering tiny memorys. The reviews and i kinda shocked me..then i thought memeory card. Its not a copy or anythin.....Its a Samsung dont worey... its close to 20 mbps transfer speed... with ur eyes shut.... dont look at the reviews of the fake. Try it not a single prob!!! Its good that u can store a lot of stufs in a 64 gb man!!! Luv it!
+ Samsung doesn't provide warranty if bought online some say that i don't know for how much that is true but i suggest to clarify that and come to a conclusion whether to buy it or not. Coming to the SD card, It came with adapter which comes handy to me while inserting it into my WD My Passport Wireless or my laptop. Transfer Speeds depend on the file types so there isn't a stable speed which we can fix on and besides that if your avid gamer and you have your game related files stored on SD card or you love watching HD videos this card does just the thing but I prefer pro series cards for them cause they are just designed to give high performance and transfer rates.
+ Registering the product was difficult on Samsung website. The product showed as warranty expired. Samsung customer service asked me to visit their service center to check on warranty.
+ Didn't check about the transfer speeds ... But it is 100% compatible with zenfone 2 ...  Zenfone 2 users do buy only Samsung or transcend or adata cards ...  Sandisk is not supported by zenfone 2
+ Card is working as expected. Original one. So happy customer.  Tips for the new buyers: ======================= When you get the product make sure that the sides (width part) of the card are white. Also bottom part of the orange should be light in color and not a reddish orange. The orange should runs to the sides of the card and white color should be coated over that. Also, the make should be Korea.  All Taiwan made are fake Samsung cards and orange color is reddish orange. inquire with the seller before make a purchase. I made with seller Uonline.  If you get a fake cards, please report to Amazon without fail.
+ I bought this card to be used with my moto e, and it's absolutely working fine. It's writing speed is faster when you use pc to transfer files, although no mobile supports the full potential of this card..
+ Performance is on-par with any high performing card. Though it claims it is waterproof, xray proof, magnet proof, heatproof - I'm not really sure how all these features will be so useful except heat proof, as most smartphones heat a lot now-a-days, but again, they don't get heated at the position this card is placed usually.  But most importantly, transfer speeds are good. Don't expect usb 3 or thunderbolt kind of speeds, but are definitely faster than those class 4 cards..  10 year warranty is the thing which makes the deal even better. However that does NOT guarantee data safety.
+ well i bought it on lightning sale and was a little tensed whether it will be nice or not..... (buying a 16gb micro sd for 269 worth some tension frnz) but after receiving the product m fully satisfied though speed is not that much crazy in case of my device but so far so good and let u use 14.92 gb out of 16gb.if my case is worst then also m getting 8-10mbps writing speed n i am ok with it.and yes i have no arrow sign either because it comes with arrow sign only with adapter not without adapter.so dont freak out frnz ,go for it.yea it is not omnipotent so bad handling ,it can not tolerate.
+ Awsome speed class 10 Samsung Evo.. worth for money... compare to other portal amazon give low price & good product... cheers.. great delivery with in 24hrs... banglore to coimbatore...
+ Till now no problem with this card working smoothly, read speed i am getting about 22MB/s constantly and write speed is 15MB/s which is i think good for me. And the people who says that this is fake memory card, are wrong. It is a 100% genuine samsung sd card, the arrow mark come with the sd cards which are delivered with a sd card adapter. This is good Micro SD card as compared to the sandisk sd cards, the life span of the samsung memory cards are better then the sandisk one's. Currently using this in Lenovo K3 Note and is working perfectly. One of the best in price range.
+ Very good offer with adapter. I can use it with mobile as well as my digital camera. When you insert in digital camera, my advice is to switch on the device first. Then click on the play button to prepare the card for first use. Without doing that, the card will show database error and unusable in camera till that moment. I faced the same problem, hence wanted to share.
+ It is working fine giving 29GB of actual usable space. Don't know whether it's original or not but after testing the speed through SD card speed app of Windows, the results are in comparison to the original ones. I've tested Write speed of 16MBps to 24MBps. The Read speed will be much more than that. I've downloaded all the apps and games in this and they run smoothly.
+ The product ordered and received are exactly the same. Its an orange colored 64GB USH 1 class micro sd card. Worked on my mobile immediately after inserting. I am ye to test or check its transfer rates if they actually conform to UHS 1. Available space is 59.6GB which is why I cut that 1 star. volume information files gobbling 5GB is a little too much
+ The product arrived in an excellent package but was way too big for it. It came with a Card reader from the same manufacturer. The speed was not as per mentioned by the manufacturer it gave tops 15Mbps while transferring a single video and music file. The device is compatible with my multiple phones and hence I am contented with the performance of the device.
+ I ordered samsung evo 16 gb for rs389 only,and received it within a week. Delivery and packaging was OK. It is a class 10 microSD card, so transfer speed is obvious and i personally checked it both read (41mbps) and write (13.5mbps) and it meet my expectations. There are no lags at all so far i have used it. So go for it ,it will be a good decision....
+ Great product at a great price.. Using for more than 2 months.. Works absolutely fine.. Sd card adapter is of great use when transferring data from laptop to phone. Copying and reading speed is Ok... Nt dat great.. But its good for general purpose. Amazons delivery is once again before tym.. Love them for this. Go ahead fellas.. Get this one.
+ Nice Product ! Got it for Rs. 502.  If you can wait, just wait for it to feature in the lightening deals.
+ Previously, I had a SanDisk Ultra micro SD card.It operated smooth with good speed about 40 mbps reading speed. But this samsung sd card is a bit underperformer,giving 35mbps at max. I suggest you to buy SanDisk card for better performance as these are equally priced. As for delivery,Amazon did a great job and delivered within 3 days.
+ Compare to all memory card its super..........very fast transfer...  unbelievable product...  nice good product compare to all,....  good package..  fast delivery
+ Fully Fulfilled satisfaction Great Read & Write Speed  I bought 5 for Me and my friends
+ Everything was perfect delivery was on time but the colour shown in pic was slightly brighter and the card from backside is black like normal cards, speed vary so the range observed of writing is 10-28mbps and read speed is 26-52mbps. I got this product in 299 and in this price this was fantastic I can directly play 2K videos without lagging
+ transfering data without stop... no hanging problem for smartphones.. real original product.. to check originality you see on memory card,it made in korea and memory card plastic cover is very big,not small. not 48 mb/s speed,it limited to 10 to 25 mb/s..  delivery of amazon and packing of product is very good..
+ It was my first time ..... Amazon shipping is excellent nd the packin was jst awesome nd my card is working well overall it was a nce experince at amazon
+ I was also tried some versions of bitdefender security like antivirus plus,internet security,total security.but I was found great performance of antivirus plus.Plz done update on installing.then installing completed.Plz return click on update button then running the updates & then restart Ur system then found good performance of system.
+ My mobile speed has increased to double, thanks to the seller and amazon. buy it very good product.
+ This is a superb product that gives a great data transfer speed. I prefer this to everyone bcos it's price is on amazon is also worth to pocket. I m very happy by Amazon's service ,the product was delivered on tym. So if u r looking for 32GB class 10 then go for this one, it's better than any other memory card in this range in market.
+ I got the deal in 380INR. Cheapest what I could get. The claimed 48Mb/sec is wrong it. For me a single video file of 1Gb with usb 3.0 it showed transfer speed of 25Mbps. All other features are good. But if you are buying the same just for speed dont spend too much go for sandisk or samsung they are also giving the speed of 25MBps
+ Product is doing its intended functionality, though it deserves a 5 star, I would say its my personal preference not to give full rating to any product unless it blows my mind off with its performance. The storage capacity of the product stands at 14.9 GB as promised against the 16 GB, hey but thats common with every other product.
+ Perfectly packed and timely delivered by amazon. Card is working fine and the speed will vary as per your system ( computer) speed if your system belongs to 3 generation or higher than it will give you writing speed of 10-12 Mbps other wise it gives you writing speed same as class 6 card i.e. 3-4 Mbps.Truly genuine product.
+ Product was good in quality. It has some features like water proof, Temperature proof. It is working fine for me. They mentioned the data speed was upto 48 MB/s with adapter. I feel it works upto 38 MB/s to 40 MB/s on Adapter. It is a good speed which i feel in this product. Also good product from samsung for quality and speed.
+ Very nice product from Samsung. Thanks to Amazon for delivering it before due date. Well packed & original product. I can see 16.01 GB size when inserted it into my smartphone. it works like a charm while capturing HDR photos & recording full HD videos. No lags while saving full HD videos even with high file size.
+ I got this card at best price compared to other sites with awesome packing & in-time delivery.  Then coming to performance of card, after using 40 days I can say that its a &#34;worth purchase&#34; & &#34;value for money&#34;. No issues have faced yet its have good write and read speed, feels like internal memory.
+ this is a best class 10 microsd card untill now.better then sandisk in terms of speed and data transfe, perfect for gamjng nd high resolution pictures nd video streaming...workk lime charm.go for it!!must buy in 16 Gb variant u get nearly 14 gb of free space after formatting drive.read speed is 21 mbs,write speed 19 mbs ..
+ My third purchase from Amazon and I am quite satisfied with the Amazon experience so far. Product features were clearly laid out which helps in making your purchase decision. Got the product at around 20% cheaper price at Amazon compared to other online portals. Product performing as expected. Will shop again  at Amazon.
+ I have received it through India post. It was much faster and very happy with Samsung evo too.
+ I am using with Nokia Lumia 730 and found no issue also performance of phone does not degrade.
+ I'm completely satisfied with the service. They were prompt.  The product was simply awesome. The packing was fine. It is a 16 GB Micro SDHC but I found only 14.91 GB usable. I wonder what would take that 1 GB even when I format it and erase everything. But, the performance is good.  Seller: BIGSHOPR
+ Works Perfect! I using this memory card in my Lumia 730 device. The mobile works very smooth while recording an HD video. Seems the quality of the memory card and the transfer speed is good enough,otherwise the device will definitely lag while recording HD videos. So no need to think much. You can blindly go for this.
+ I've never bought an SD card for my phone until now and this is my first SD Card. This card easily and quickly stores my media files and I can access them quickly.  Also, I feel the price for this product feels like a steal for the ample amount of extra storage I'm getting. As usual super fast delivery by Amazon.
+ Really nice deal ,awesome product@lowest rate compare to oother site .buy mostly order canceled after payment .no reason got I used 3-4 account for purchase Plz resolve this issue.
+ It's an awesome product for create a wireless lan with an incredible hotspot range up to 50 meters the only problem with this NIC is it's user interface Which is less user friendly for people with no knowledge in computer networks ( The realtek usb wireless LAN Utility) no proper guide to use the software with in the package but you can download very useful manual from internet for configure. In case of vale of money i give  4.5 out of 5.
+ Does the job well. I have it on 24x7 for the last 3 weeks, and no problems at all so far. It's also wonderfully tiny, with an extra bright blue LED; bright enough to check your device is on! A word of caution: it does not work out of the box for the Raspberry Pi (Raspbian), and one has to hunt on the net for drivers, and instructions on how to install them. I guess this is because its V2.0, the earlier V1.0 worked right away.
+ It's Very Helpful For Me. The Range Is Shocking - Covers 3000 Sq-ft Area, If Kept At Center. It Has Realtek Wireless Hardware Inside It. Which Allowed Internet (Broadband) To My 2nd PC In Drawing Room [Without Connecting / Carrying Ethernet Cable From One Room To Another.] I Made An Eco-Smart Decision Of Buying It Bcoz - &#34;Even That 18-20Mt Ethernet Cable Costs More Than This Device&#34;.
+ I got it on time. But Having some problem with installing the software. The software along with the device is not working on windows 10. Also I cant able install it on Linux (ubuntu 15.04 x86_x64) also. So i cant able to use it as a hotspot. But as a WiFi receiver it works perfectly without any driver installation. One more thing it works perfectly in Windows XP :p. I didn't tried it in Windows 7.
+ There was no need for any installation required to use this product on my Lubuntu/Linux system as it started working immediately as I inserted the adapter. I suggest using this product on Linux system like Lubuntu or Ubuntu etc. On Windows seven and XP also the product was working very well only when you install the (annoying) setup file though it's installation is simple & quick.
+ I LIKE THIS PRODUCT, PRODUCT IS GOOD, JUST INSTALL SOFTWARE , HARDWARE AND START TO PC, WIFI WORK QUICKLY .
+ I was actually confused at the time of purchase that a thing of this price will work properly or not.. Now after using it iam seriously amazed to see the quality of signal reception, and something that I din't even expected that it can be converted into a virtual hotspot is really awesome. Iam very happy to use your product Thank you.
+ For those looking to buy this for use with Raspberry Pi, please note that the chipset has changed to 8188eu and it no longer works out of the box on Raspbian (at least).  You will need to download a relevant 8188eu.ko driver package and set it up manually. Search for package name and MrEngman along with your raspbian version (uname -a).
+ Bought this for my Rasberry Pi B+, installed rasbian from noob. Follow the below links for V2.0 http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?p=462982 http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=29752  v1.0 you have automated solution. follow the below link http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=6256
+ I had earlier reviewed it badly because it took some time getting configured. But once I copied the drivers and restarted my Win-8.1 desktop couple of times, it picked up the hint (I reckon) and installed itself like a dream. Now it works perfectly fine and we have been able to access the WiFi broadband at home without too much hassle.
+ This is a good product I tested it on my desktop it gives 6MB/s download and 10MB/s upload speed the range is 10 feet with a wall between it using it with a short cable gives good results
+ Best product best performance, really happy with the device. Hope Amazon keep its standards high with quality products and services... Waiting for delivery of my brand new laptop. Thanks
+ The Product was excellent but it was unfavorable to my desktop and network environment that is why i had to return the product!! A quick refund was provided by amazon 5 Star for that!!
+ So far working very well for its tiny size and low price. Too early to say anything about durability. Only issue is its cap which doesn't snap in tightly enough and can be easily lost.
+ Working as expected.Received in good condition.
+ Good WiFi Adapter. Easily switchable to WiFi HotSpot with the software provided with the WiFi Adapter.  The hardware has compatibility issue with mhotspot software.
+ Works fine and has good range as well!! got it for 320 including shipping charges so was a pretty good deal.  easy installation and pretty neat!! M satisfied
+ it was just awesome product, some problem i'll faced, but it's my fault, B'cos i am not master IT technician so .. it's good for hot-spot and wifi... such a super duper product.
+ absolutely working fine after 2 years of use
+ Product seems to be working fine, only issues are with drivers, they send my desktop to restart every now and then. But hardware is great, tested on laptop, works great .
+ Excellent product. Don't waste your money on expensive wifi adapters, this little guy does it all! Works flawlessly on my desktop pc. Note: Be sure to install the driver software from the disc that comes with it or it won't work.
+ Prompt delivery by Amazon.It is working fine since I bought. Wifi range reaches up to 30 feet. when I share the Internet with PC, band width is to low in WIFI mode while connected to mobile. Overall it is good and value for money.
+ I think its a great device. It connects very well and works like a charm. My desktop is on ground floor and the router is on the first floor and the device works really well. No connectivity issues and full signal. Thanks a lot :)
+ excellent stuff. Happy with the product and the customer care.
+ Installation is very very easy. I am using this USB minimum 15 Hr per day from last 3 months without any problem and without any heat. looking very cute and portable Quality of material is really good.
+ It's very good product for normal pc to add Wi-Fi connectivity.. The small amount of connectivity lagging. As per prices it's value for money. Now I'm using shareit to my pc. this product can also use for tethering
+ Dilevery was fast and the product is very good.The driver CD which came with it did'nt ran on windows 10 saying this OS is not supported but IDK how it works smoothly on windows 10 without the need to install drive
+ I like this product, after connecting this to my computer, it had done the magic!!! except the installation for the LInux operating system. Finally done installation on linux mint, after several web reference...
+ Works like a charm ! Those who don't have a DVD/CD playback capability in their laptop or desktop might not be able to run it without installing the 802.11 b/g/n wifi drivers which come along with the product.
+ good product tested with all specification no problem or any drawbacks founds recommended to my friend also only thing is make there drivers online available its not available online .....thnaks
+ When i ordered this product, I thought this is not a brand it may not have quality. Actually i was wrong, I ordered three items all are working find without any disconnection or no connectivity issues.  Amazon delivered before the actual delivery date. V.good
+ Wel using it over a month and find my money havn't gone waste.its giveing very good internet speed even at10 m range. As i used idea 3g net on mobile so may be speed vary as per service provider.  Finaly thank you amazon for its lighting fast delivery
+ Excellent product - instantly solved my problem (i.e. faulty wifi adapter in my laptop).  The installation software on the CD takes care of the setup, deactivating the in-built wifi adapter without any conflicts - a cost-effective and effortless solution.
+ Nice Product need driver CD to install its already included in the package need not to worry but keep it safe as on formatting you will require it to start. Well product quality is good and nice impressive design and size surely meets as in picture displayed.
+ Found pack intact on receiving, Support service already called to give info on it - liked It, and a mail for downloading drivers, May be you can do the same with CD, However product quite nice and working fine, this is after a 2 day work with device review
+ Works fine with my old Desktop and not only desktop but my laptop as well. I was facing problems with my laptop in connecting Wifi; now it is working very well. And of course for the Desktop it is a very fine device to connect with wifi. I love it.
+ Very good product.. simple installation and worked as expected
+ This is fantastic. However please note it may not be so effective for offices with cubicles or different cabins. it works fine in the same vicinity of 20 feet.  Its a great product given the cost. it solved my purpose. Cheers :)
+ It works with Raspberry Pi 2 though you have to do a little research for the correct driver. But I am facing a problem with this device that prevents the Pi from detecting the device when it boots with the device connected to its port.
+ The software provided with the Adapter is not very user friendly particularly for creating a Wi-Fi hotspot and I had to install connectify-hotspot for the same. However, the adapter works fine both as a Wi-Fi hotspot and as an adapter.
+ Great product for the money!  For win 7 you have to dload the drivers or use the provided disk  for win 8 its just a simple plug and play  Pros:- Light weight quick connectivity  cons:- Low range and need for drivers if u r gonna use dis as a hotspot Just go for it...
+ Hi friends If you are searching  Connectivity solution Then this project is best,You can say Cheap and best,I have tried This device will cover Approx Android 25 metres Easily With minimum 80% Power strength you can say Signal This is the best WiFi connectivity solution For your desktop And for your laptop Thank you
+ No doubt this is a good at the same time cheap Wi-Fi adapter. But if you are buying this to use with raspberry pi then it is not supported or of the box. You will need to install separate driver for it. The cd not include armv6 driver. You will need to search on internet.
+ those who have old desktop computer & interested to convert wifi desktop as well as have a WIFI NET connection(MTNL etc) this small device works very efficiently. Easy to install the CD provided with this WI-FI Dongle. normal USB INTERFACE is needed which is having in any normal desktop.   R K KHARE
+ Works well. Been using it for a 3 months plus now and works without any issue . Those with windows 10, the CD will not work. You wil need an active internet connection for the drivers. connect it to the computer, go to your network devices, right click on the device - properties and search for the drivers online. Simple fix.
+ very good performance, iam using to share my pc net on mobile. streamline connectivity. no buffer time for playing hd videos on mobile which is nt d case on pc. I LIKED IT. but one thing i didnt like is somtimes it conflicts ip add, we need to keyin ip add most of d time to connct
+ It works good. The range is also quite good. Had some trouble installing the driver. The CD didn't work. So, contacted the seller and they sent the driver download link via email. It was a 64 MB file. Installed using it and now the product works fine. Just faced one issue. Its tough taking it out from the USB port as its size is too small to get a proper hold.
+ No problem when installing in winxp or win7. Got struck in Ubuntu 12.04. Internet helped a lot and the product comes with driver CD. It is very help full in offline installation. Has better strength in Ubuntu than in winxp or win7. Hope this helps for Ubuntu users.
+ I love this product. I am using wifi from a mobile provider. I was unable to use it for my home pc because of signal problem. I was unable to move my home pc because of space constraint. this helped me to use wifi in my laptop and desktop. works as expected.
+ I have purchased for my Desktop pc to access internet from my WiFi dongle which is plugged in power cord in hall. It meet my requirement. Very nice product from comfast and also thanks to amazon which brings such a wonderful product for low cost special thanks to the supplier.
+ My experience is that Sandisk flash drives exchange data much faster than other brands. Plastic encased drives are good but often break.  This one has a neat design and is metal encased.  Hope it lasts much longer than the plastic counterparts.
+ bad size,good looks,very hard,low speed(6-8mbps),the colour is steel,not ash as shown in image,speed for copying videos is 6-8mbps.It is very small,smaller than two finger width,but overall good.dont format it frequently or speed will go down.
+ easy to use and fits anywhere but the problem of misplacing it is more often. but functionally its very good, it also comes with a password protected vault folder where you can secure your data and personal files. Overall a good pen-drive.
+ I would say this a very good pendrive. It could have been better if there had been a ridge on the pen drive to aid grip to remove it from the USB port. But it offers good upload and download speeds and works with my tablet and mobile also.
+ With pendrives rate has decreased across this product is the best at price, transfer rate is satisfactory, the best part is I didn't knew that it had metalic body everyone should get this product who ever needs a PD design is really cool
+ Very good pen drive. No problem till now. I am fully satisfied.
+ I never thought it will be this cute little.  This little baby is smaller than my little finger. Excellent built quality. Only drawback is that the speed is very less... around 2mbps write and 21mbps read... synthetic benchmark..
+ It is a good device but it's data transferring speed is around 4-5 mbps. I suggest all of u to buy sandisk cruzer edge rather than this bcoz cruzer edge data transferring speed is much more than cruzer force(around 7-8 mbps)...!!
+ Very good product at a great price.. The manufactured date is just before the month I purchased.. Some people had issue before that the pendrive is a bit tight while inserting.. That was solved by SanDisk.. I recommend for all..
+ 1 day late delievery by the courier service. The pendrive is really gud. Very fast writting and reading speed. And even its supports android you can even plug and play it to your tab or mobile or android supporting devices.
+ The strong and wonder one. Forgotten it inside the coin pocket and subsequently washed with detergent in washing machine. After all the process of shocking , washing & spinning of around 2hr still it is working perfectly. I become happy to see it working perfectly and my data is safe.
+ must go for it. !!  Nice transfer speed. easy to handle. metal body looks sexy. rough and tough  Short and sweet pendrive
+ The pen drive smaller than i expected.... 1) the metal finish is good 2) the writing speed is slightly slower 3) easy to hide it and even can be kept in a wallet. 4) it would have been great if they have provided a tag with it so that we wont accidentally miss it
+ I was searching for an unbreakable cap-less pendrive same as sandisk cruzerblade. Cruzerforce: Very attractive design! Fine metallic body.  But it is too tight to connect to my dell laptop USB port. ;-( Its USB pin is small than others. This is the only drawback!
+ It's really very good and working very well, i couldn't believe that i got 16GB pen drive in very less prize, it's truly awesome.  Guys if you thinking to buy this one then just buy it don't think to much. I m sure this tiny one will satisfied your all expectations....
+ I was suppose to buy SanDisk Cruzer Blade 8GB USB 2.0 but friend insist me to go with metal body and to purchase it from www.amazon.com he shared the link with me and here i got it right.  So far durable and Compaq to use.  Thanks for delivering it quickly.
+ product was good. but this pendrive was too big compare to the pic shown in the website. it was working nice with out any problem. but in pendrive manual they mention that it is compatible 2.0 and 3.0 but the speed of this flash drive is not more 4mb/s while copying
+ * Very good product... * Worth buying for Rs.400... * Classy look... * File transfer rate 6 MB/Sec from laptop for bigger files and 18 MB/Sec for Writing * Fully satisfied with the delivery of amazon... * Recommend to buy only from &#34;AMAZON&#34;
+ Really Attractive.Shining with the stainless steel case.Effectively faster.
+ The pen drive is made up of metal and it looks very nice and slick. It won't take much of space and believe me can be used as ornaments too by ladies. As soon, as my wife saw it she quickly claimed it. The speed of the pen drive is ok and looks fine to use so far.
+ I'm currently using it with my key chain for one month.. Excellent product
+ Gr8 product with super fast speed....and it's actually quite small.....then it looks.........and this is the first time when  i do online shopping....thanks to AMAZON and their customer care ( especially jyothsna )....for their excellent work and support......
+ This product is really excellent. I am using it for the past eight months and there is no problem at all. Even once this pen drive was washed along with my clothes in washing machine as I was left in my pocket then also there is no problem, Thanks Amazon
+ Awesome product, solid build , handy and works perfectly !!! Metal casing gives proper protection and for this price,its actually the strudiest product u will get from sandisk. a few bucks more compared to other 8gb pd's, but this surely last longer !!!
+ I have been using SanDisk products for some time now and I love them for the quality. Now, I am using this particular USB pendrive primarily as bootable OS storage drive and I found the metallic finish pretty impressive. Totally worth buying this product. :)
+ Hi guys ... Diz product is so cool n outstanding product ... Its body is covered my metal and it gives safety to our pen drive... And 10 stars for amazon package so safety ... And small request to Amazon kindly delivery the products bit soon guys... I m in hope of it... Big thanks to amazon keep it up guys
+ its very good keep it up its using very good pendrive very beautiful very nice looking. it used good steel body/solid body/strong body these facts this product is really good and amazon provided a really quick delivery, So thanks for that.
+ Very fast upload and download, it has metal body but does not gets heat up like hp pen-drive with metal body, very cheap than other brands, and also have a good look. Thanks Amazon for such fast service for your customer who stay out side Mumbai.
+ Amazing Experience .........................It's a good product for buy But It Have A problem With Me That It is not working with win XP Properly When i m insert into my pc it's seem hang but with other with working well so i m happy 50-50 thnks
+ in terms of durability & transfer speed it's much better than average low priced pen drives. plus buying from Amazon's &#34;Today's Deal&#34; makes the price more cheaper. thanks to Amazon for offering a premium product at very attractive price.
+ Awesome product with super fast delivery. The average write speed of the pen drive is 6-7 Mbps both in NTFS and FAT32 format. have to check for the read speed of it. Its worth mentioning that it heated a little for 20 minutes of usage. And the device very small as mentioned in nearly every review of this product.
+ It is very better to use with compare normal one,  - it simple to carry & use, - it looks nice for metal case, - it metal casing is protect from some damages, - its also have one password secured folder. - it is slow process for data transfer but its best for this cost....
+ I'm using this for more than a month & it is really a reliable & cost worthy product. Will recommend the same to my friends :)  Pros: Small in size(2/3 of the little finger) Durable Metal case. Very attractive look. Secure Access software - Data Security Data transfer rate is normal & satisfactory  Cons: Around 14GB of space :( Thumb impression Heat up, if we transfers huge sized file or watch movies (from USB) Better tie it with a thread & loop it with a key-chain to avoid losing it.
+ I had got the offer on this product, which was really great. The product is awesome with a metallic casing. As previously the Pen Drive that i purchased were having a plastic casing and used to break if they get heated in the car or even in USB port of Television.  But this one is cool..
+ Sandisk cruzer force comes in metal casing with slick shiny finish. It's great product with very good data transfer speed. Metal casing gives it excellent durability compared to other USB sticks. I use it on laptop(for data transfer), in my car for music, on dvd player for movies. It works on each device flawlessly. I would recommend it for its durability, flawlessness and very good design and look.
+ Excellent product quality by Amazon. Amazon as always delivers Genuine products. Its a very sleek design. Very handy and comfortable to fit anywhere. The data speed transfer was better than what I expected. And plus the deal was the cheapest among other online sellers for this particular product.
+ my Sandisk 16 GB Cruzer is awesome metal body pen-drive, it's metal body then not worry about it will be broken and etc. it's downloading speed is 6/mbps, so it's average and good product.so my opinion is if have low budget and use daily then it's good product. so i give 4 star to this pen drive.
+ As usual I was confused before I buy any product! Amazon as always has helped me to choose the best one!!  I would recommend this to everyone who wants things to be as micro as possible with great performance!  Not for someone who tends to forget their stuff more often;)
+ Its sleek looking & very compact  (its so tiny, you're prone to losing it, better keep it on a string or key chain). It has a vault feature which protects important documents with a password. It did not get over-heated when used for a long time on the computer. I'm happy with my purchase.
+ Nice product. It is small and because it has a steel/metal body, it looks very strong and durable. The chrome finish makes it very stylish. It is very small, so it is recommended to put in a key chain to avoid losing or misplacing it. Thanks to Amazon for the quick and smooth shipment.
+ The pen drive comes with software from Sandisk, like a vault. I'm using it to store important documents. It is well built. But for those people who tend to lose small things, do note that the drive is small in size. It is well built with metal outer casing. The transfer speeds are good and honestly it is sufficient for most routine things. Highly recommended.
+ with 59 gigs of usable storage, metal unibody and compact design and fast r/w speeds it deserves 5 stars. when i connect it to my mobile using the usb otg cable and there is no lag watching 1080p videos. mine has been through some rough use and it still works like i just bought it. if you want a durable pen drive and have 2k, i would highly recommend this one
+ ya thats a nice pendrive with our pocketmoney budget. on spending more money on costly pendrive than i think we should try this .. in a law budget nice pendrive.if u r purchasing dont worry.......nice product but bcoz of metal body you see sckretches on pen drive body due to  you attaching & remove p.d  i recommanded to buy it
+ I bought it for my car USB. Rarely my cars music system shows some error while trying to read the file.
+ From product wise its good. They may provide as key chain type to handle easily.  Purchased at normal price (Rs.429) can't utilize lightening deal or Credit card deal since if this product under good deal other required products are high prices and vice versa.  Not checked the warranty registration at product site.
+ I bought this sandisk cruzer force usb flash 8gb pendrive from amazon and it is really good at speed and the metallic look is awesome.. though it seems large in the image than the real but its functions are too good..it has some &#34; locking app&#34; system in which one can store personal data ...so just loved it..!!!!
+ Excellent product from sandisk.. best for car audio works as it was expected  at cheapest rate only on amazon but with only 1 qty which is not good at least 2 must allowed  because of metallic body its slip during pulling from usb port...can use thread or tie to handle that..  best in class
+ product is quite small.... its better if u tie a tag with it.. !! well built... looks classy and luxurious ... elegant metallic finish.... now !! the speed is what astonished me... my friend's 8gb Transcend device gives a speed of ~8mbps (copying to PD) but this one despite being 16gb only gives ~5mbps max ......
+ Why do people ask whether a pendrive will b supported in linux or not or its FAT or not!! Every pc peripherals are supported by linux, only some very very old backdated devices give problems, but certainly not pendrive! Still so many hiden doors and windows are available in linux for older devices. Consult google for that.
+ Built quality is good writing speed is upto 6 mbps on 2.0 usb its acceptable on 2.0 size is vry small u will love it. Ids kina cute becox of its size.  Become hot while in operation due to metal cover but nothing to worry about that a good and stylish pendrive mutr buy better than a cruzer blade which i own perviously
